just returned from a 9 day stay with my family at le bristol, and it was perfect in every way! the hotel staff was incredibly helpful, and the service was extremely refined but never stuffy.  the concierge did a terrific job securing dinner reservations at hard-to-get places (the hotel concierge desk is wonderful, but noe and guillaume in particular stood out), and housekeeping was very professional and very cheerful with our children. room service was always a treat in the morning-- our meals were beautifully presented, and breakfast trays even came up to our room with fresh flowers! we had notified the hotel that we would be checking in several hours before check-in with young children, and the check-in was seamless- we were very grateful the hotel made every effort to ensure our rooms would be ready.our rooms were tastefully appointed and very quiet.  the pool is small, but whimsical and delightful-- and our kids enjoyed swimming in it each day after sightseeing.  the hotel location is terrific for shopping and sightseeing, and the doorman always were helpful in getting cabs for us on the spot.  the area around le bristol feels exceptionally safe given a high police presence in light of the nearby presidential home and embassies.we would happily return to le bristol on our next visit to paris!
if you're looking for elegance, warmth, beauty, and the feelings of true parisian luxury, come stay at le bristol paris. my boyfriend and i were lucky to stay here for my 30th birthday this march, and from the moment you step foot in the lobby, it's like you are walking into a picture perfect snapshot, setting the mood for what your whole stay will be like. we were fortunate to have our room upgraded as a birthday surprise, and when we were shown to our accommodations, we were in awe of all the detail and care we saw. every bouquet of flowers placed around the room, sitting area, bathroom, were all real. there was a plethora of treats to welcome and celebrate me for my birthday. every window in our room opened up onto a balcony, where we could stand and soak up the views of paris, catching views of the eiffel tower in background. the color palettes and decor is definitely classic, yet the integration of technology in the rooms is done in such a smart way, it doesn't detract from the classic, elegant feel of the room  (ie: usb ports being carefully tucked into the decor of the bed side tables). the entire team at le bristol was also so kind, with a genuine earnest care for helping answer any questions we had, or checking in to make sure we had everything we could possibly need. we ordered room service for breakfast and the food was perfect. flaky pastries, flavorful omelettes, fresh squeezed juice; everything was delicious. the hotel itself is a gorgeous homage to that romantic idea everyone has of paris - and the staff helps make your stay there that much more comfortable. while we only stayed for one night, our time at le bristol paris will forever be treasured. i can't wait to come back again some day - merci beaucoup!
i have just completed a two-week stay at le bristol following an unavoidable work commitment in paris. the hotel is on top form and was a wonderful home away from lodon, covid notwithstanding. i was accommodated in an exceptional, extremely large suite with a view of the eiffel tower, which had been arranged prior to my arrival with a convenient desk and surrounding working area. naturally adjustments have had to be made to make the hotel covid secure, but these are pretty unobtrusive and convenient kits were provided with masks, wipes and sanitiser. the staff from the doormen, through to the housekeeping and room service personnel were exceptionally friendly and efficient. the facilities are superb. epicure remains one of the outstanding restaurants in paris (the bresse farm hen is not to be missed). the other dining options (including room service, which i used frequently) are of a very high quality too. do not miss the swimming pool. it has a wonderful over to sacre coeur. in short, thank you to all that the bristol for making what might have been a trying time a memorable experience.
the bristol hotel is the best hotel and a must-stay for sophisticated travelers. from the moment we walked in we were made very welcome. this hotel offers incredible five-star service: the rooms are spacious, clean and well equipped, with beautiful marble bathrooms and an large shower; about the room  the most striking details are the high quality smooth silk sheets which gave the perfect sleep after the after the long drive, the bed was just heaven; i travel a lot, but i've never had such a confortable bed and such soft and fresh linen; i chose this hotel for its superb location, within easy walking distance of everything i wanted to see; starting with the louvre and its beautiful square, the avenue des champs-élysées and other attractions of the french capital. i recommend it for the high quality  of everything from the well appointed bedding and bathrooms to the excellent service from the multilingual staff.the gardens are perfectly manicured making the hotel a green oasis. the restaurants we went to were delightful with still perfect service. a real must for a magical holiday
"what can i say but after a nearly two year absence from my favourite place, our experience at le bristol was as sensational as ever. i love paris but staying at le bristol feels like you're coming home. while we have stayed other places in paris,  when we came to find le bristol, we fell in love. from the moment you step out of a taxi, you are greeted by the lovely doormen who whisk your bags inside, secreted to your room without any notice, as if by magic.then, whether it is your first stay or your nth, you are warmly greeted at the reception desk and welcomely escorted to your room, with each ""apartment"" more lovely than the next. attention to detail is this hotel's forte, with everything from the luxury bath products you would expect to the cutest white and green hanging bags which are perfect for taking home any of your fashion finds, if you don't have room in your own suitcase!whether you chose to dine in one of the two restaurants, have a snack lunch, afternoon tea at cafe antonia or just order in room service and stare at le tour eiffel from your juliette balcony, the food is stunning and the service impeccable and you will be spoilt, no matter what. 114 faubourg is my personal favourite. i could eat there every night forever and not get bored. on the beverage front, le bar is a fantastic place to have a pre-dinner cocktail or one last beverage for the road, with a buzzy atmosphere that is fun no matter what your age. equally, my husband says the best hot chocolate he's ever had came from cafe antonia, with its unctuous chocolateness so rich and delicious he is at a loss for words to describe how gorgeous it is. in either case, you can decamp and relax and feel the le bristol welcome envelope you. then let's talk about the concierge team. i could hug them all they are so wonderful and like magic fairies! over the years they have helped me surprise my husband with special tickets, they have manoeuvred us into restaurants that no one could get a reservation for and, they are there all day every day, with a bottle of water or a map or a recommendation to what will be a delicious meal or a great sightseeing experience every time. while i have to say that there are lots of the team that i could have named, even the members of staff that i only know by sight are as warm and lovely as the le bristol staff we have come to know over the years. the important thing is that everyone who comes to work for le bristol, in whatever capacity, seem to genuinely enjoy their jobs, feel valued and proud to work for what is, sans doubt, paris's preeminent hotel. i write this and miss le bristol. we will be back soon. that's a promise."
le bristol fully lives up to its well-deserved reputation as one of the world's greatest hotels. not only is the facility impressive, elegant and sophisticated; the staff are without equal.  a sincere joy is evident in every member of the hotel's outstanding staff.  all are genuinely welcoming, knowledgeable, discreet, impeccably dressed and groomed, and empathetic. special kudos to leah marshall, hotel manager.  le bristol is as close to perfect as it gets.  and it makes all of paris just that much more wonderful!
if i find anything better, i’ll let you know. if you desire perfection in a hotel, staff, services and amenities, this is it. in 1996, i asked a well-traveled older gentleman where to stay in ireland.  he mentioned a hotel.  i asked why he liked it and he said: “simply because it is the best hotel in the world.”  now, clearly he had not been to every hotel in the world.  my son and i stayed in this hotel when my son was  only 14. upon arriving, having been welcomed by name, the keys to the car taken, our bags taken to the room, shown to our rooms and asked if we were hungry and wanted some food, which was shortly brought to our room, we were looking out the window. i explained to my son that the other hotel i considered was behind that tree in the field. my son quickly replied: “dad, i’m sure if you asked, they would move the tree.”so it is with le bristol. see for yourself.
my wife and i were delighted to be back in paris once again and le bristol makes a stay in the city even more special. everything about the hotel is first class from the doormen to the check in staff to housekeeping and all the great staff members in the bars and restaurants. we had a fantastic room on the 5th floor overlooking rue du faubourg saint honore. the location of the hotel is really good being so near the streets and boulevards around the champs elysee. the nearest metro stop is miromesnil just a few yards away where you can get metro lines 9 and 3 and two stops away from fdr station on the champs elysee. the cleanliness of the hotel regarding covid is first-rate. all staff are fully masked with sanitisation fluid everywhere. i have to extend this compliment to all of paris. people wear masks even on the street and all taxi drivers, restaurants, shops etc have fully masked staff members. this is significantly better than amsterdam and london where i have recently visited. the breakfasts in le bristol are predictably excellent. delicious breads and pastries and eggs, bacon, whatever you want. to sum up, a truly special hotel in the greatest city in the world.
"as part of a month long holiday from australia that included (london, paris, tokyo) we had the great pleasure of experiencing le bristol for the first time. to jump straight to the conclusion, this hotel sets the standard for all others to be judged (and most will fail). it is that good. from the moment you arrive you will 'feel' that this is different to all other 5 star hotels. after a few days you will realise why. everything (and we mean everything) has been raised to a level of perfection that is truly remarkable. whether this be the immaculate cleanliness of every surface, item or facility. the incredible standard of food from all outlets including a simply breathtaking room service dinner that would put many restaurants to shame.. the sense of calm and style that seems to envelop every sight and sound within the hotel. the quality of every piece of furniture, the huge bathrooms, the amazing beds (oh, that bed !!). the responsiveness to any request be it simple directions or securing tickets...for anything. after several days you will come to accept this level of attention to detail and this commitment to perfection and it will seem so natural. it is then you realise 'why' le bristol is so much better than any other hotel. it is the team that work within the walls of this hotel. it is the people that constantly strive to be the very best at everything they do. each morning we observed the staff at breakfast glide throughout the restaurant with grace and skill and a minimum of noise and fuss. we relaxed every time we returned to the hotel and were recognised by the professional and reassuring staff who man the doors and are the first and last impression of le bristol. we felt safe and secure when interacting with the ever present yet discreet management who were always present. we were impressed beyond words at how the general manager , leah marshall acts as the perfect custodian of le bristol and ensures that every aspect of your stay will exceed your highest expectations. you too will smile when socrate the bristol cat appears , so chic in his goyard collar. you too will be forever spoilt after a stay at le bristol. we were sad to leave after 6 days but happy to have had the experience. we continued our journey staying at other very well known 5 star hotels only to find ourselves saying , ""this just isnt, le bristol"". already we are planning a return from australia to paris in 6 months and will be happy to return, safe in the knowledge that nothing will have changed...as it is difficult to improve upon perfection."
if you are looking for a central hotel, with qualified and prepared staff, with a nice garden to relax and with an exceptional bedding, this is the place for you; i had the pleasure of staying at this beautiful hotel a few months ago, the suite i stayed in was absolutely gorgeous and i loved those first class amazing linens, in fact i slept really well because i didn't hear any noise from the surrounding rooms and corridors and because the bed was large and comfortable with sumptuous and  clean  linens. location was awesome and near to just about everything. accessible on foot or short 5 minute cab to all major features of paris. i would not hesitate for a single moment to recommend this fine hotel and i look forward to our next stay here. can't wait to go back, thank you for everything bristol hotel
this is the perfect hotel to enjoy a family trip in paris. the entire team from concierge, reception, housekeeping, dining were incredibly attentive and responsive. they made us and our young kids feel welcome and cared for.
my wife and i had a wonderful stay at le bristol over christmas and would strongly recommend the hotel for anybody looking for an authentically parisian experience. the property is centrally located (a block from the presidential palace), making it very easy to walk to all major attractions and neighborhoods. we booked through amex and got upgraded from a superior to a deluxe room, which had a beautiful view of the courtyard, a walking closet, a dresser and a very large bathroom (with an amazing shower). the service was exceptional. every night we got sweets as part of the turn-down service and on christmas eve we received a snow globe as a gift from the staff. the food was also great, with the best breakfast spread i've ever had (the hotel makes its own flour daily and bakes the best croissants). i hope to get the chance to return in the summer so that i can enjoy the rooftop terrace and pool.
i have been at the bristol and other oetker collection hotels before and admired the service and luxury they used to offer.this time i wanted to spend a romantic friday night with my wife there. we called ahead to ask the concierge for a restaurant booking for friday night. he advised us that the place we chose was trendy but more for parisians (?!?) and unfortunately also fully booked but promised to look for good alternatives and call back next day to confirm. he never called back and we ended up booking a place ourselves. when we arrived and told reception as to what has happened we received a sloppy phone call from the concierge offering no apology but a last minute alternative he just found. i also got charged extra for my wife staying in my room because apparently my corporate rate did not cover two people staying in the room which is strange for a hotel of that quality. when i pointed that out to the hotel staff they blamed my employer for the policy.the rooms are outdated and in need of a refresh. our room had slippers in size 6 which a male adult can barely fit into. the next morning the concierge also messed up a breakfast booking. i have told the hotel numerous times that i was not happy with the service i have received. i did receive an apology from the reception staff. though when i asked for a bit more like a room upgrade, a complimentary drink or even just a call from the hotel management i was left wanting.
"over the years, we have been privileged to stay up to 7 or 8 times a year at le bristol in paris. it is difficult to imagine a better hotel experience anywhere in the world.  first the hotel is incredibly well located in the capital for business or pleasure. the entire team operates at a level that i have only experienced in asia and specifically in japan.  the service is kind, personal and always vying for the extra special attention.  the food is superb whether in restaurant or room service.  the rooms are big, like any historical hotel; the atmosphere is warm and not ""cliche"" like in so many hotels these days.  we would never go to another hotel in paris and can only wish every hotel in that price range would boast the same attention to detail."
le bristol hotel is truly the greatest hotel. it is picturesque and stunningly beautiful down to the smallest detail.  the team is top notch and makes you feel like family.  all of your needs are anticipated and “no” is never an option. we traveled internationally from nyc  with our 20m old daughter, which has it’s challenges, but they made our stay seamless. leading up to our stay, the concierge team assisted us in making many hard-to-get reservations.   upon arrival, a crib was set up and ready for us with a personalized bib and other thoughtful gifts.  throughout our stay we utilized the well appointed bonpoint playroom, laundry service and delicious room service.   if you are traveling to paris and want a truly magical experience, you must stay at le bristol and upon arrival, dine in the garden.  you’ll feel like you just landed in parisian perfection.
le bristol paris must be one of my favourite hotel as it has everything.  besides paris of course you have all of the attractions within my walking distance to include the wonderful island!  fine food along with excellent entertaining bar persons are all available.  within walking or quick taxi ride some of the best shopping experience can be had!  i do miss pharaoh but socrates has quickly warmed his kitten ways to my heart and all other le bristol kitty loving clients.  what i do like is that le bristol is pet friendly for the well behaved animals.  my animals do not have a pet passport but i do enjoy being entertained by a fellow guest pet’s good behaviour.  i have had the pleasure of enjoying many rooms over last 7 years of visiting le bristol with all of its charms.  all rooms beyond expectations for a 10 star hotel.  bathrooms amazingly designed with eloquent fixtures and room.  beds are spacious and comfortable, almost too!  we always enjoy breakfast in our room or in the restaurant the service and food always places a smile on my lady, and of course this makes a very sweet and romantic stay!  the front desk is always happy to arrange taxis or directions!  jean-marie and staff are always happy to help.cleanliness has never been less at le bristol but their respect for hygiene and covid-19 preventive measures makes for a fine example how a hotel should be run during these trying times.  thank you to le bristol entire staff for all the lovely and future stays.
if you haven’t stayed at le bristol hotel you are missing out on the perfect parisian experience. beautifully appointed rooms with great views, perfect top notch service from an impeccable and friendly staff makes le bristol my favorite spot!  the staff makes you feel like you are where they know you and know what you need before you do!!  this was never more app at ant than when we stayed there over christmas and had a dinner party for 8 of us in one of their private dining rooms!!!!!  gorgeous and delicious. ending the night at the nightclub is so much fun and fun to watch all the beautiful people. thank you to jean marie who makes our stay perfect every time!!
just returned from two stays at le bristol, two nights ahead of a canal barge trip and four nights after. my fourth and fifth stays at my favorite city hotel anywhere in the world.checkin was swift, flawless and kindly. we occupied two suites during our bifurcated stays: a prestige elysee suite on the third floor and the paris suite on the top floor with glorious tour eiffel view. we tried to pretend this was all usual but gave up and readily embraced our star-struck reality.the perfect parisian hotel, evocative and classic but never over the gilt top. the suites sported four to six especially splendid bouquets of flowers. housekeeping was impeccable and so darn nice! i was down for two days with a bad back and the housekeeper was so concerned and accommodating.that kindness was reflected in all my interactions with staff and was matched by their unflappability and competence. a concierge managed to book us best seats for a largely sold-out opera at the garnier just six hours ahead of the performance of iphigenia en tauride.a call out to leah marshall who greeted me so kindly. and to lilet (sp?) in reception who gave us a great welcome.
stayed one night on business and enjoyed every minute of my experience.  we were here as a business group and the hospitality of the staff - from reception, to restaurants and to the gm, leah - were exceptional.  it’s the right balance of formal and elegant while not feeling stuffy.  make sure you say hello to the beautiful in-residence cat.  it’s those small details that make you feel like you’re staying with a wonderful host. the room faced the private garden and was so sumptuous. extremely well appointed with wonderful heat /ac.   breakfast was an elegant affair with delicious pastries and exceptional service.  i hope to stay again on my next visit to paris. you won’t regret choosing le bristol.
this is my second stay at the bristol, the last one was about 7 years ago and i dare say this was an oasis in the middle of all the crayziness going on with traveling this summer.we could not book a room on the website and decided to then try another “5 star hotel” nearby. after having the worst experience we called the bristol and they found us an amazing room. from then on our stay in paris became a totally diferent experience.this time i brought my kids who were extremely tired afer 10 days of traveling through france and the hotel was our safe haven. our meals were delicious and always in the most beautifull setting no matter where in the hotel we decided to have them, but our dinner at the 114 fouburg was incredible. my daughter and i got a mother daughter massage at the spa which was so relaxing and she had a little bonpoint massage bed that was so cute and made her feel super special.the kids also got to enjoy the amazing pool whenever they wanted and that was also great.overall i just feel so lucky that we got to end our trip in this amazing hotel. thank you do much le bristol for staying amazing through all the difficulties we have all had since covid started. this hotel remains excellent!
i stayed 8 nights in a “prestige” room and it was an extraordinary experience. our room was just wonderful with two outdoor terraces affording wonderful views and a relaxing place each afternoon before dinner plans. we had the american breakfast plan so we enjoyed that in their 3 michelin-starred restaurant l’epicure each morning and it was every wish come true. superb pastry, bread, eggs, service, and the sunlight streaming into that lovely dining room was just an extraordinary way to start each day. our dinner in l’epicure was a very special experience worthy of 3 stars. our spa experience at the bristol was also a lovely afternoon thanks to outstanding therapists. the service throughout the hotel and with every interaction was attentive, very professional and everything i could ask for. in summary, a memorable and delightful 8 days and i highly recommend!
i have been to the bristol 3 times over the last year and therefore can honestly say this hotel has no flaw. service is of very high standard, professional yet friendly and unstuffy. unlike the new “5 star” hotels in paris (cheval blanc, lutetia, etc…) this hotel has soul. you wake up knowing you are in paris thanks to the traditional interior design of the rooms. in their refurbishments, they have stayed truly french and haven’t tried to cater to what some of todays international guests might like. small details that do not go amiss: •hot water in the shower is very hot and great pressure. •bathrooms have their own heating system meaning you can make it really nice and toasty whilst having a cooler bedroom. •a pet cat in the hotel that brings smiles to everyone. •an excellent olive oil that is available to buy in their épicerie. •each morning there is a new viennoiserie in the basket. my favourite is a pecan nut one. •their île flottante is the best one available in paris. •front office and concierge team are super efficient. they will call you by your name within no time making you really feel at home. thanks for another great stay! a trebucq
we planned to spend 4 nights and 5 days as a part of our anniversary trip here and couldn’t have been more disappointed and disheartened. upon check in we were given a room that reeked of fresh paint so much so that ours eyes were burning and we got a headache in the first hour of being in it. the management had obviously not cared for it being rentable. when we complained, the duty manager shows up 30 minutes later with a plan to change but that plan involved an upgrade, an oversell or a downgrade for no refund. we took the expensive upgrade since it was our celebratory-getaway trip. that night we find out the heating and cooling in the room is centrally controlled, and non operable. we spent all evening and night in misery, feeling extreme cold and hot. service and management spent all day next day trying to fix the problem but it was useless. overall, when we found an excuse to cut our stay short and leave earlier, even if it meant losing money for a couple of nights, we were relieved and the decision to as leave was instant and effortless. never again!
mr allegri , president-managing director, i wanted to thank you and your entire staff of le bristol for a wonderful 5 night stay.we had initially booked the mandarin oriental. a friend, who recently stayed at le bristol, strongly recommended we consider changing our reservation. so glad we did!we booked via amex fine resort & hotel program and were provided all the benefits including a room upgrade. your concierge team was very helpful before our arrival booking dinner reservations and continued to be helpful once we were in paris.we enjoyed breakfast several mornings in epicure which was unsurpassable and dined one evening at 114 faubourg for our favorite meal in paris. we also experienced room service one morning and evening and could not have been more satisfied. lastly, we so appreciated the recognition of our anniversary with lovely note cards, balloons and bottle of champagne.we have stayed at many top hotels worldwide and will add le bristol to our short list of favorites. we look forward to returning again in the future.
nice property, nice location, excellent service, all in all brilliant. the only thing i can say that needs to be really sorted out, was the concierge service. any restaurant we asked them to book was not available according to them, and they would recommend another restaurant, but when we called directly we were able to get tables. oh and yes, very very pricey !!, buts its paris, and the finest hotel there. further the breakfast lounge, while service was very friendly and prompt, they normally got the order wrong. toast would come ten minutes after the eggs, or vice versa, but always with a smile,  so....
we spent 8 nights at le bristol and can report that it has not lost a step coming  out of the pandemic.  the physical plant is just as clean and beautiful as ever, the staff as welcoming and warm as ever and the service throughout as prompt, efficient and helpful as ever.  we stayed in the lumiere suite and it is gigantic and yet very user friendly.  all the usual amenities were included:  bottle of champagne, fresh fruit every day, fresh flowers every other day, twice daily maid/turndown service.the formal dining room is not yet open yet, so breakfast was in the lobby eating area, but that will change in a few days.of course, leah was ever-present, shining her personality to all around her.  if you are searching for a luxury hotel on the right bank, le bristol is the place.
a rather unassuming hotel from the outside, once inside you are greeted with a most interesting and intriguing atmosphere.  one would not believe the size of this hotel, it is quite large with two sizeable an exceptional restaurants, and just off the entrance way is a nice lobby bar/restaurant and yet another beautiful stand alone bar tucked away inside the hotel.  the room size is quite large with all your basic amenities of a 5 star hotel that will meet anyones approval.  the patrons are clearly from the top echelon of wealth and there were certainly name brands on the customer list during my stay there.  what a great experience,
our stay at le bristol was absolutely fantastic from beginning to end!  the hotel is beautiful, elegant and grand, while simultaneously feeling fresh, modern and airy.  the terrific location is an added bonus. the guest rooms were extremely comfortable and well appointed, with lovely amenities and special welcome treats, which was a most appreciated gesture upon arrival and throughout our stay there.  the restaurants were charming and the food and service were top of the line!  the head concierge (monsieur tony) was beyond fabulous and his staff was amazing!  they were so warm and friendly and took wonderful care of us.  they smoothly and expertly  handled all of our needs/requests, and we felt pampered and loved!  all of these very thoughtful, professional and personal touches made our stay at le bristol incredibly special and memorable, and we eagerly look forward to a return visit soon!
i’ve stayed at le bristol 15-20 times over the last 10 years. i consider it home when visiting paris. as it was over two years since my last visit, due to covid-19 lockdowns and border restrictions, i was very excited for my return stay. as a returning guest, the welcome from the staff (with several familiar faces) was particularly warm. the suite was immaculate, spacious and well appointed with a lovely view of the newly remodelled garden. since my last visit they have replaced the televisions (again) and made some soft furnishing updates - all very nice. similar to the suites, the hotel's public areas remain exceptionally well appointed, and immaculately maintained.the atmosphere in bar le bristol was great, as were the cocktails. cafe antonio for lunch on multiple days was excellent. personal and attentive. the food was excellent as always, and nice to see one or two new vegetarian options on the menu including a very tasty goats cheese ravioli. my treatment at the spa was excellent, as always. epicure was exceptional, as always. see separate review.in all, a very enjoyable return stay. my next stay is already booked. my thanks to leah and her entire team that make this hotel so special. ten years since my first stay and it’s as good as ever.
we stayed at le bristol last week to celebrate our anniversary. it was one of the best and most memorable experiences we have had!melissa was very kind in noting our requests prior to our arrival as well as the early arrival time.  i must commend all the staff for the very warm welcome we received, they made us feel very special indeed! esther was very helpful in showing us around the hotel and was very knowledgeable of the hotel’s facilities. jean pierre and his guest relations team were amazing in setting up some special amenities in the room and we are very appreciative of the photo he setup for us!the suite itself was elegant and beautifully decorated. housekeeping done a terrific job of servicing our room while we were out exploring paris.the bar ‘le bristol after dark’ is a must visit, really nice cocktails and attentive service. thierry the bar manager was great to speak with and a tremendous host. all in all, it was a very memorable experience and we would love to return in the near future!
i visited this hotel on a business trip . i thoroughly discovered different rooms and suites on a tour of the hotel . it’s a classical , well established , central , high class traditional hotel with friendly , smiling and welcoming staff . i visited many of the rooms , all were immaculate , well decorated with superb faculties in a very respectful business district of paris . all rooms were of an excellent size and well appointed . the hotel has an air of elegance from the moment you enter . high class shops of fashion houses are nearby - chanel , louis vuitton , etc . the hotel has a concierge service . we ate a very tasty three course lunch at the hotel . the hotel has a spa , swimming pool on the 6th floor with views over the rooftops . for fitness fanatics it has a gym , children’s area , sauna and a night area open on specific areas ( like a discreet club at the bottom of the club ) . the hotel has several meeting rooms and can organise special events like weddings . i was very impressed with the hotel .
the most beautiful hotel in paris! our corner room on the 5th floor was maticulously appointed with 14 foot ceilings, wrap around terrace and classic french furnishings. the staff on point and attentive. the concierge team fullfilling our every request. dining a culinary experience from michelin starred epicure to our favourite le jardin francais. if unsure where to dine ask mai-tre d'hotel antoine. but most of all we felt welcomed from the moment we arrive to the moment we left. thank you le bristol for making our stay in paris memorable.
my wife and i have been to paris many times over the past years but have never had the opportunity to stay at the bristol. on the advice of good friends, we decided to spend four days at the hotel, and thoroughly enjoyed the experience. we were part of a group of six people and enjoyed our nightly visits to the very lively bar. unfortunately, we were not able to try the restaurants, but their reputation is outstanding. our room was beautifully appointed, and the bed very comfortable, a very important aspect to any hotel stay. the staff, including the lovely general manager, treated us like family and greeted us by name every day. the bristol is in a very busy part of paris, near the élysée palace, but the very efficient doormen were able always to arrange taxis for us. we certainly look forward to returning to paris next year and to enjoying another wonderful stay at le bristol.
le bristol was just perfect during my trip to visit my son in paris. with the pandemic, i was concerned if it would be the same sublime experience as it was in 2018 when i was last there. in some ways, it was even more so as they managed to meet and exceed cleanliness while at the same time not skipping a beat on providing outstanding service and truly three michelin-star quality food. the atmosphere was so warm and helpful. i must again thank the concierge team led by jean-marie burlet. they not only recommended excellent restaurants for us to try, local shops to visit, but they also secured hard to come by reservations for us, and tickets to exhibits. they also expertly packed up and mailed back to the states my purchases. le bristol is simply the best hotel. when i arrived i was greeted as an old friend. jean-marie remembered me and during my 8 night visit told me i’m family. it’s not often one feels that way about a hotel, but i must say the feeling is mutual. the bristol is family to me too. thank you.
fantastic hotel in all respects.  we had a deluxe suit.  the room was fantastic, quiet and  beautifully decorated.  the food, drinks  and service in restaurants and bars was excellent and all the staff were attentive to all our needs.  the hotel is perfectly located in paris to access all the sites and attractions.
taking luxury to a new level, le bristol paris surpasses the best of the best in every capacity. but above all, we received the warmest and most accommodating service from a staff that welcomed us from the moment we arrived. we cannot recommend a better hotel to spend midnight  in paris. we can’t wait to come back !
one of the best hotels in paris, not only is the location perfect but the rooms are gorgeous. but the highlight is the staff there-they made it the best stay. from stephanie noel to the front desk and the concierge team, fanny was lovely and another lady who guided us to the best place to have an almond croissant. the little touches and details such as preferences for water in room, bathroom touches. the hotel is the best run and managed, all the staff are smiling (which is so rare in paris!)   a true jewel and an exceptional stay.
the hotel is located in the heart of the city within easy walking distance of anything you ever wanted to do or see in the city. spacious rooms, good food at the restaurant, especially the breakfast. the staff is helpful attentive and will do anything to make my stay special. it’s recommended if you’ve got the money
we decided to book our first international trip after a forced 18 months hiatus and we decided on paris (as only an hour away on a flight!)this trip was planned mainly to celebrate my husbands birthday. after much research we zeroed in on le bristol and we are really glad we did! from prompt responses to my husbands queries by the concierge team (before our travel), to planning a  surprise birthday cake for my husband with cherry from room service, the service was great even before we arrived. we were made to feel really welcome from the time we got off our taxi. lillit at reception was a gracious hostess as we checked in. the property itself is beautiful with a decadent old world charm, tasteful decor and a sense of calm (in sharp contrast to the chaos of parisian streets!). lots of history attached to this property with its beautiful lift from wwii et all. the room allocated to us was spacious and super comfy (though sadly we didn’t have the best views!). the surprise cake for my husbands birthday was delicious. he was super chuffed with it (thank you cherry). we were constantly made to feel special by the team during our stay. small gestures by the team like providing us a courtesy drop of (thanks to jean) at the buddha bar when we were unable to find a taxi to the prompt medical attention i received yesterday (thanks to arthur) after a nasty fall on the wet and wild parisian streets!on our last night we had dinner in our room as we couldn’t dine at any of the restaurants (as planned) and the food was super. we would definitely stay at this property when we are in paris next! a few quick mentions of some of the staff (though everyone was super) are - sarah from reception;tre, nalendra and quentin  from room service, samia from housekeeping. the breakfast team at cafe antonia was lovely too, can only remember maxim’s name at the mo! merci beaucoup!
my family and i had the best stay in paris at le bristol hotel this past week. the staff was so friendly, the service was outstanding and the accommodations were superb. if you have young children like me, the staff goes out of their way to make them feel at home. the food at the hotel is truly outstanding. we have been to many cities and stayed in numerous hotels; we’ve never had food quite as good as le bristol, from the room service to the cafe outside, everything was delicious. the location is also something to be desired. the best shops are right down the street, the eiffel tower, the louvre, and the rest of the attractions are a short car ride away. i cannot say enough about le bristol and know you will have an incredible stay! thank you to all of the staff at le bristol for making our first family trip to paris a truly memorable one! we will be back! xo
from the greeting that you are met with at the door upon arrival, to the wishes at departure to see you again soon, the bristol does not miss one beat. we have stayed at this property many times, but this visit exceeded our expectations. from the wc attendant to the housekeepers to the various restaurant/bar crew, everyone made a point of asking how they could assist with a story or a smile.     tony leads a concierge team that  is always ready to address an issue as well as being  extraordinarily friendly and knowledgable. we truly looked forward to discussing our daily adventures and hearing their suggestions. . gabriel even managed to secure tickets for a sold out museum event that allowed us early access. the food at the various restaurants in the hotel is always delicious - especially the breads.  can't say enough about the daily treats that are left in the rooms- who doesn't like a treat at the end of the day.  one issue - we do miss the burgers that are no longer on the 114 menu. can't wait to return!
everything at le bristol is perfection from start to finish. from the moment you set foot in the door, you are treated like what i can only describe as royalty, yet without pretention. i have stayed at le bristol both as a paying guest and for a work/press trip and the 5-star treatment has always
i can not say enough wonderful things about le bristol. first off the customer service and attention to detail is by far the best i have seen in any luxury hotel! we brought our infant and they made a custombib with her name and the cutest little stuffed bunny that she still loves! the gorgeous restaurant in the courtyard just makes you feel like a piece of heaven in paris. i love the family feel when all the staff knows who you are and goes an extra mile to make you comfortable. will definitely be staying here again!
this was our 16th trip to the bristol.  as usual, everything was superb.  we went this time with only two days' prior notice and still had a superb junior suite overlooking the wonderful garden.  our first night we dined at the hotel's one michelin restaurant 114 faubourg and had a superb dinner.  for our other dinners, the great concierge desk obtained all of our desired restaurants and museums on short notice.  we also had two lunches at the beautiful bristol garden, which were excellent.  one reason why we return time and time again is because the hotel always treats us like we are family -- not tourists.  in addition, the breakfasts in the epicure dining room are always excellent since there are no better croissants and omelets there.  in sum, there is no better hotel in paris than the bristol.
we stayed for two nights in a deluxe room, which was exceptionally large for a city hotel.  a very friendly welcome when we arrived and our bags were obviously delivered to our room immediately as by the time we had checked in and headed to our room they were already there!all staff we encountered were extremely friendly and helpful.breakfast in epicure was exceptional - possibly the best breakfast experience i have ever had anywhere in the world. it is only available to residents, which made it feel very special and both the food and the service were outstanding.we also had a meal at epicure on our first night and it was the highlight of our trip.the shower in the bathroom was rather frustrating being difficult to get the water to the correct temperature as it kept changing whilst showering, requiring repeated adjusting.there is limited public space for residents to sit and relax with a drink during the day.  we returned from sightseeing mid-afternoon and the only place available was where afternoon tea was being served in cafe antonia, so it was extremely busy.  we had to wait for a table to become available, but they were extremely apologetic and handled it very professionally.  it is a shame that the bar area is closed during the day, as this would have made an excellent area for residents to use for relaxing and having a drink when cafe antonia is busy.overall we had a lovely weekend and whilst it was expensive it certainly didn’t disappoint!
i have one word for le bristol…perfection. the service is over the top. every employee strives to surpass your expectations. the breakfast is the best of any hotel i have stayed at.    in fact, this is now my favorite hotel in the world. the hotel cleaning staff does not want your room to be messed up in any way.  every time i left and came back things were perfect again. to the management, keep doing what you’re doing because it is working!
feels like it is your real home in paris. bristol is very expensive but taking this aside it is a hotel that looks after you. the rooms are old fashioned but very comfortable and it feels like you are living in the old world with modern facilities.
the location is very good because it is close to the champs elysees, place de la concorde, grand palais, in short. the hotel is a good starting point to visit paris, also by public trasport. the staff was friendly and kind. the bedroom was confortable, comfy bed, great quality bedding, clean and marvellous linens. bedding and linens are both wonderful
exceptional hotel. the hotel has large rooms and the beds very comfortable. the one that really struck us what the hotel’s attention to detail, how they make your stay extra special. we were staying there for my birthday and they gave me a big birthday cake together with a personalized greeting card, such a great gesture.also, don’t miss dining in their brasserie, 114 faubourg, this is really worth it!
if you have the budget, the bristol is un-equaled.the staff is top-tier, and very professional.  the concierge desk arranged tours and dinners for us every day, and was extremely helpful.dinner at epicure in the hotel was an experience, and i highly recommend ot to anyone, even if not staying in the hotel.if you're arriving to cdg, make sure to have the hotel pick you up in the rolls-royce ghost.  it's a perfect introduction to how you'll be treated at the hotel.the bristol is the only hotel we stay at in paris
"the thanks i need to lavish on the staff of le bristol from the wonderful jean marie to the lovely lady who designed the floral arrangements for my birthday to the concierge who ""saved the day"" when a restaurant (not at le bristol) canceled my birthday dinner for 8 people as we were ready to depart for the restaurant, there just are no words to describe their loyalty to their guests.  everyone scrambled to be sure i would have a birthday celebration i would never forget.   the concierge even left a performance at the opera to come back and help, thinking he had possibly misunderstood or done something wrong!  he had not!  the restaurant i had booked personally made the error booking for 2 people, not eight, and it was too late to accommodate us.  but seeing my disappointment, i felt like the entire hotel staff sprang into action and secured a beautiful private room for the eight of us to enjoy my celebration at ledoyen. what an incredible experience we had, and all thanks to the employees of le bristol who consistently outperform every year when we visit.  covid kept us away for 2 years but walking back into the hotel with it's perfect vision and execution of everything and anything their guests desire made us feel like we were home.  we can't wait to go back."
we stayed at le bristol in late december. the service was incredible. large rooms, delicious food and friendly staff. breakfast was delicious- especially the fruit salad and the pastries. the concierge team were very helpful. the spa was very clean and a good deal. i highly recommend this hotel for a once in a lifetime experience in paris!
such a lovely hotel, with handsome accommodations, wonderful staff, excellent location, incredible restaurants, and a lovely courtyard , and rooftop pool = heaven in paris!we were there as a family, including a 6 month oldgranddaughter, and they were marvelouslyaccommodating. they came up with an ideal solution for us to dine at their 3 star michelin restaurant with the baby. their directeur, leah marshall, regularly appears in the lobby to greet guests. at the end of our visit, i sustained an accident in versailles- and they sent me flowers!!!i am looking forward to returning.
"""we were treated to the most sublime experience, from theinstant we pulled up outside le bristol. having had the mostwonderful meal at one of le bristol restaurants, 114 faubourg,on a trip to paris months earlier, we decided to stay at thehotel on our return to the capital. the exceptional attention to detail flows so beautifully throughoutthe hotel, however the pièce de résistance goes to the team at le bristol, flawless service delivered by utterlycharming, engaging and thoroughly professional individuals, who read thesituation, and deliver! simply impeccable service.it's nowimpossible for us to stay anywhere else when visiting paris. you know it'sgood when weeks after your visit, your thoughts transport youback to le bristol, and you emerge from that daydream withthe biggest smile on your face. bravo le bristol !!! see you indecember"""
the experience at le bristol was an amazing one.  the hotel is immaculate and the staff is best in class.  everything about our stay was magical.  the food at the hotel is some of the best food in the world.  the staff is so attentive and helpful in any ways needed.  we traveled with our 2 year old and they made our trip so easy.  100% recommend the bristol if you're looking for a world class stay in one of the most central and safe neighborhoods in paris.
the staff is incredible! they almost know what you want before you ask and you very rarely have to ask. the attention to detail is incredible. the bristol is enough reason by itself to visit paris. the rooms are incredibly furnished and luxurious. the bath is luxury from the towels to the fixtures.
once again i had the privilege of staying at le bristol in march for 3 nights while attending a yearly conference in paris!  once you experience the perfection from the doorman to the bellman to the front desk to the concierge to the entire staff you know you are in the perfect place in the beautiful city of paris.  the breakfast is elegant, delicious and plentiful!  lunch at the hotel was delicious and the upgraded room was beautiful!  i am happy to say i will be returning not just next march but also in june with my wife for a summer vacation in france. looking forward to coming home!  merci le bristol!
"everything from product over comfort to service was simly perfect!the service we experienced was very, very natural but more than courteous and extremely attentive. our room was pure comfort and beautiful. a place to feel at home. crowned by the balcony over the rooftops of paris with a view of the eiffel tower.breakfast and breakfast service was delightful - the ""pain au chocolat"" just heaven!!!a stay to remember -  merci beaucoup"
beautiful meticulously maintained hotel.   the entire staff was dedicated to making our visit thoroughly enjoyable.  the concierge staff is very knowledgeable and will go out of their way to plan desired activities.  well located.  bonus for the cat who lives in residence! truly a home away from home....
beautiful hotel on one of the poshest streets in paris.  fairly formal, old school approach. breakfast only starts at 730am so not really geared to a business timetable  (the alternative is room service).
le bristol stands the test of time as an elegant and gracious hotel with a superb staff. we just returned from a five night stay in a junior site overlooking the garden courtyard.  our quiet, immaculate and comfortable room, like the entire property, was classically appointed with fresh and lovely decor.  the meals served to us, including extravagant breakfasts, were delicious beyond compare.  the best part of our stay, however, was interacting with the friendly, welcoming and highly competent members of the staff.
one of the best hotels in the world - it is a real palace. the rooms are spacious, very elegantly designed and the service also very attentive. the attention to detail is on a high level as well and the breakfast rich with a large selection of different options. we will be back soon!
my partner and me stayed for 3 nights at le bristol, over the easter holidays. the stay has been absolutely fabulous, from arrival to departure. le bristol truly is a special hotel, made special by its beautiful, classic style. although eventually its employees and the provided service really make this place outstanding. particularly to mention are melissa from reception and viktoria from café antonia. melissa's professional yet friendly manner is absolutely amazing, never have we seen something comparable. this is a prime example of how a reception team member should operate. viktoria stood out during our breakfast at the café where we could observe her allrounder skills and that she is entirely aware of her sourroundings, sadly she has not served us directly. we both strongly recommend staying here, regardless of the nature of the stay.
le bristol is simply the best of any hotel anywhere! it’s more of a paris home - better than my real home. i, like each guest, am welcomed from the moment i step out of a car til i am in my room. each and every person on staff is so welcoming, gracious and kind. the rooms are beautiful, the food delicious the bar and eating areas wonderful!
my daughter and i had the great pleasure of staying at the bristol for five nights this fall. starting from the moment we arrived with a gracious welcome at the front door and desk followed by an early check in to our gorgeous room with treats to welcome us started our visit on the right foot!the room was beautifully furnished down to the last detail—fresh flowers! the sparkling marble bathroom  was large enough to live in! then the breakfasts at epicure were enough of a meal to get us to dinner. the bowls of fresh berries and the ancient grain breads i am still thinking about. and, the swimming pool was for me a personal highlight. swimming laps with the rain hitting the glass above and a painted mural in my sight line at one end of the pool —amazing.our stay at the bristol was as much a part of the pleasure of paris as the sites.we cannot wait to return.thank you to the bristol and your exceptional staff!!
le bristol is a haven of understated luxury. hospitality at its best, from the moment you step in and all along the stay, including a terrific concierge team who will unlock the toughest reservations. beautiful surroundings show its history, as well as the modern comfort and touches. the team is extremely warm and welcoming, with no pretense, considering le bristol is a true palace. the rooms, amenities, service are top on all fronts. we love the several dining options, from the luxurious epicure to the café antonia, the lovely garden restaurant and of course le 114 faubourg. excellent cuisine, extensive wine program and service to match.no trip to paris without a stay at le bristol.
we spent almost 2 weeks at the bristol over the christmas holidays and really enjoyed our stay. everyone at the hotel were lovely and kind to us (thank you to clement, guillerme, arthur, aro) and made our time in paris a memorable one! the room was also beautiful and well-maintained. our possible only (minor) grouse is that there are not the most extensive food options besides michelin-starred gourmet food at the restaurants downstairs or in-room dining. but i guess that is only to be expected coming from a 5 star establishment and that most people come to paris for this sort of food :)
we spent 5 days in le bristol for a short trip to paris in july  and what an amazing experience we had. i travelled with my husband and daughter and were completely blown away by our experience at le bristol. from the moment we walked to our last day we were treated like family and very very warmly welcomed. in fact it was very hard to leave. there where so many people that made our stay so special, from pauline greeting us every morning at breakfast, to the brilliant housekeeping team making our room feel so special with little finishing touches for us every day.a special mention needs to be made for the best concierge team in paris! thank you to marie- leisse, zoe, fanny, gabriel and yumi. tony you have the best team and you should be very proud.zoe, thank you arranging for the specially made cannelle, they were delicious. every restaurant, sites, museum and exhibition recommendations where brilliant and all contributed to us seeing the best of paris.we have been to paris on many occasions, but never have we enjoyed our time this much.we look forward to returning very soon.
we had 6 nights at le bristol and it was a most wonderful and peerless experience.  while it is not a small hotel, the staff and the service made it a highly intimate experience.  the food was extraordinary regardless of where you dine and our favourite place was le jardin francais - a little garden  oasis in the middle of paris in the summer.  the service was exemplary and the concierge staff are some of the best in the business.  i have been fortunate to have stayed at some wonderful hotels in my time and this very close to being the best of them.  it reminded me of claridges in london in its prime.  while not cheap, given the level service, the outstanding food, the room, the ambience and frankly the class, it is actually exceptionally value.  i will back next year!
what a wonderful stay.  every detail and interaction was flawless from booking to the concierge and on arrival as well. genuine warm service from every member of the team. had a man excellent corner junior suite with a view of the eiffel tower.  the hotel is ideally located for enjoying the best paris has to offer with many of the best museums and galleries just a short walk away.  thank you to everyone at le bristol for making it such an impeccable experience and in particular to stéphane david who made sure all it was a one of a kind stay!
i love the bristol! there is absolutely nothing to criticize about it. i stayed there just for one night this time and i didn’t like my first room or my second room but the third room was absolutely perfect. let’s face it, i’m a picky person but the staff at this hotel just kept trying to make me happy. it is absolutely beautiful from the flowers to the lobby to the bar to the restaurant, everything is perfect. i don’t think i’ve ever stayed anywhere that quite measures up to this hotel and i look forward to returning with my family sometime soon
we've stayed at le bristol almost every year since 2005 and it continues to be outstanding. the staff is excellent and as helpful as can be. the rooms are large by paris (and nyc) standards. the restaurants and the spa are first-rate. fodors notwithstanding, it's an easy walk to the # 1 metro.
i have stayed in many of the finest hotels in paris, but none compares to le bristol. the hotel is in a great location. the service is flawless. the attention to even the smallest detail is astonishing. the staff could not have been nicer or more helpful, from the doormen to the concierge to management. i will definitely be staying again in the near future.
most friendly and helpful receptionist and staff ever, lovely and great first impression of hotel. everything about the hotel was exceptional. it was clean, stylish, roomy with excellent service in where we had dinner. food was good and great value for money and service was attentive and efficient.
this hotel is just beyond the expectations.two years ago i just spent 7 nights there but this time i am so regretful that i chose another one for variegation.from the second day of my stay of course we went to le bristol everyday for breakfast,lunch and dinner.great food,fabulous lobby and restaurants, lovely staffs.my first and last choice for my next travels to paris.
the location is 5 min walk from a metro station.  the crew was very kind and helpful. the room was clean,  relatively large for a  boutique  hotel and well designed with everything you need. the toilet and shower looked modern as well. in conclusion, i felt rewarded very much for my money.
we cannot say enough wonderful things about our stay at le bristol. the entire hotel staff, from moment one, went out of their way to make the stay truly special. attention to detail, food quality, decor and finishes in the rooms, the service at the hotel restaurants - all are simply perfect. we cannot recommend le bristol highly enough.
my teenage niece was traveling with her father who became ill and ended up in a hospital in paris. after a nightmarish couple of days, including not being able to find her father because he’d been transferred to another hospital, and many panicky phone calls, her aunt got her a room at le bristol.  they were so sweet. they looked after her, helped her find her father, made her feel safe and taken care of. in short, they made everything ok and turned what was becoming a hellish experience into a manageable situation. many heartfelt thanks to le bristol and the very warm and friendly staff.
i’ve stayed here many times over the past 20 years. i always used to love it. then a few years ago i had such a miserable experience i stoped going. i decided to give it another try. so glad i did. it’s back to being very good. few annoying mess ups in the tea room and with room service but the positives out weighed the negatives. i will be back again.
everything from location, style, service is simple perfect. i love the decor and the design. probably one of the best hotel in paris. i stayed in a junior suite room: quite a big size (i guess 50 square meter) with a comfortable king size bed.
incredible hospitality, not a detail missed! what a remarkable team displaying every element of true hospitality and refinement. every team member at le bristol made sure we have a memorable stay. from the moment we checked in, to the support and recommendations from the concierge team, to the impeccable service of housekeeping and room service, to the cheerful and kind team at epicure at breakfast... no words can describe how much we appreciated and enjoyed our stay! keep up the great work, you are a true representation of luxury hospitality! thank you for all that you do.
we spent the most beautiful days at the hotel le bristol. entering the hotel instantly felt like coming home. le bristol is in every manner an outstanding hotel. the comfort and extras in every aspect of the stay were exceptional. many thanks to the attentive staff, to the excellent cuisine and the courteous management. we cannot wait to return back to home far from home.
hotel le bristol paris offers an enchanting escape for couples. impeccable service, luxurious rooms, and michelin-starred dining create a romantic ambiance. perfect for creating cherished memories in the heart of paris. with great ambience
le bristol is a dream. the best service that you could imagine. dinner at epicure, the garden, and the kind and generous team at bristol are simply peerless. it's now my favorite place to stay in the world -- and i cannot wait to get back.  bravo!
from the moment i stepped over the threshold of le bristol i felt the warmth of their hospitality. my room was very comfortable and the bed is exceptional.i enjoyed a fantastic “gratinee” in the lounge dining area.a great stay, thank you team le bristol
i have been visiting le bristol for several years right now with every visit there is a charm to this place that wants me to go back. the bristol is one of those places where it gets better and better with evrey visit. attention to detail ,  service and hospitality old world charm at it’s best.
"this property has the ""wow"" factor. i needed to stay at this hotel to be close with clients and it was just amazing at every level. perfectly clean superb ambiance every part of the hotel looks incredible and the staff are just brilliant! every requirement was met with speed and i could not have been happier. i look forward to returning again soon."
we had stayed in a chain hotel in antiges and wanted to experience the same service in paris. our room for first night looked inside the building so we changed for the second night. we ate at the hotel with our guests ans both the food and service was great. antoine served us perfectly.
to say that it was awesome is an understatement! the staff was so courteous and friendly from the moment we walked into the hotel until the moment that we left. the staff was able to assist us in every aspect of our vacation. many thanks and see yoy soon.
a couple weeks ago, i visited the spa at le bristol. it was small and very well designed. i received a warm reception and experienced two good treatments. there is a small but well designed locker room with a ham man. i was offered a welcome drink and given time to relax following the treatment. i would highly recommend the elegant and jewel like spa if you are in paris.
this is definitely the place to stay in paris if you are looking for a faultless luxury experience. excellent atmosphere, outstanding service, with the food and beverage also a real highlight. there is nothing critical to say and i would highly recommend le bristol for anyone looking to enjoy a refined 5* city break in paris.
been there for a weekend. the hotel itself is perfect. wheelchair accessibility is good. the room was big enough, with very comfortable shower and bath. the entrance is flat. there is special elevator for ground level, worked well.
had a wonderful time here for afternoon tea.  the hotel is absolutely beautiful, ornately decorated throughout.  nice art to look at, and the bathrooms are probably the nicest i have ever been in.  service was fantastic, and the desserts were simply divine.  highly recommend
my wife and i decided to splurge for our anniversary trip to paris. it was expensive but well worth it. the hotel is beautiful, the restaurants are excellent and the service is pristine. the bedding is so comfy that my wife wants to order it online! special shout out to clement at the front desk, zoe at the concierge desk, maxime at the breakfast restaurant and mariana, the hard working cleaner of our room. we can only afford to do this once but we are so glad we did!
without doubt one of the best hotels we have ever stayed at in one of the best cities in the world. superb in every way. from the warm welcome, superb and consistently brilliant servce, fine dining food and the statement archtecture of the buildng the whole experience was without compromise. my only complaint is self induced, we should have planned our vist to stay for more than two nights. in short, highly recommended. we look forward to our return visit at the year end.
le bristol is our go to hotel in paris.  refined but not over the top; great location; great service; great breakfasts and so pet friendly!  the cat in the lobby adds to the ambiance of the place.  highly recommend to all!
not what i excpected. not a typical unfriendly paris, truly a friendly hotel. it started from reception. easy entry and helpful staff. nice restaurant and the cozy bar. definitely recommend this hotel.
nice place. really a must visit place in france .  environment was so awsome. me and my family enjoyed a lot . our room for first night looked inside the building so we changed for the second night. we ate at the hotel with our guests and both the food and service was great. antoine served us perfectly.
the best staff of any hotel we’ve experienced. so caring! wonderful family experience!the facilities are so charming. rooms are beautiful without being too opulent. excellent restaurants and an amazing bar. management interacts with the guests continuously. t & g
third time in paris, so lucky i can finally afford to spend a few nights here. i absolutely love the location and i was so lucky to score a reservation for epicure for lunch. i didnt stay long enough to experience the service but i was in love with the hotel's design and the room were gorgeous.
this is the most wonderful hotel. the most wonderful hotel period. basics: great shower, great bed and linens, great ac (!), gorgeous decor in rolls and everywhere. amazing people work here. it feels like home in a way but wayyyy better. the food is outstanding. all of it. the spa is incredible. incredible! location is discreet yet central-ish. thank you le bristol. merci beaucoup
an amazing experience after it started out as a disaster and i was able to aire my frustrations with manager!checkin was a nightmare. arrived at about 3:00 pm. couldn't access my suite until 7:30 pm.manager accommodated my wife and me beyond my expectations.would definitely return to this luxury property without hesitation!!!!
thank you everyone, i mean everyone at the bristol to go above and beyond and  make us part of your beautiful family!even socrate went above and beyond to make us feel home. you are the best. chapeau!
we had lunch in le bristol and were extremely satisfied both with the food and the service. the restaurant is beautiful with a sweet interior courtyard. perfect staff from the ivy entrance to the waiters at the restaurant. our meal was excellent as well as the wine. coffee served with fantastic chocolates. loved it !
this was our second time at this wonderful hotel and i can not imagine staying anywhere else in paris. we were actually a bit worried that after our first perfect experience here in 2019 a return might prove to be less grand, but luckily we were wrong. our stay was as beautiful and immaculate. this hotel just makes me truly happy - for me it is the best possible hotel in the world. i hope to return soon. thank you to the staff for taking such great care of us again.
the suite looking at the garden is a special jewel.service, decor, attention to details exceed expectations.a oasis of beauty and relaxation.after being seven times at this hotel, we can say that we never stop to love it.
as good as it gets!  elegant, stunning, not flashy, absolutely fabulous staff, beyond delicious food at all three restaurants. our view is that this is the best hotel anywhere. every staff member goes above and beyond. no request is impossible or too much trouble.
my family and i thoroughly enjoyed our stay at le bristol, a very grand traditional hotel with excellent facilities. the staff are very efficient and polite.  altogether a very memorable experience and we look forward to returning again soon.
our family had a magical week at le bristol. the warmth and personal attention from the moment we arrived, the extraordinary service and excellent concierge team, the delicious food and beautiful restaurants, the luxurious decor plus the exciting bristol bar - all were perfection! we appreciate leah marshall, the hotel manager and jean-marie burlet, the head of guest relations, for all they do. we have stayed at every 5 star hotel in paris and this is the finest! we cannot wait to return!!
beautiful hotel in a perfect location. we were upgraded to the presidential suite. it was absolutely glorious. the breakfasts were amazing and lavish. service was excellent. we wouldn’t stay anywhere else in paris. thank you le bristol!
wow! this was a fantastic experience at the hotel and epicure restaurant. all the staff were so helpful and lovely. the room was huge and had lovely products to use, a turn down service envy night and so quiet. the rooftop pool which i had to myself sometimes had a great view over paris! thank you everyone at hotel  bristol and see you next year !
location and service at every turn and point ....we come here twice a year[pre covid]the staff mean it when they call the hotel my home in paris ....expensive but worth itwe will return in oct....the rooms are well done and confrontable !
amazing experience start to finish. from the impeccable service to the beautiful rooms and decor, le bristol met every expectation and then some. socrate, the hotel cat, was a joy to see lounging about. we were there during the festive season and the hotel was decorated beautifully. warm and welcoming for families, but easily a romantic destination as well.
my wife and i had been on a week long work trip to london and decided to extend our trip for a long weekend in paris.  le bristol was fantastic.  a great location and the staff could not have been more helpful.  really a special experience.
omg i  just can’t believe how amazing this hotel is.  the concierge service is worth going for alone.  they literally can make magic happen. everyone is so professional and friendly.  no better service anywhere. helene and sarah i love you guys.
this was our 43 wedding anniversary and as my wife had been to the bristol before we decided to book. the hotel is exceptional and everything from the location style and staff were outstanding. they also have a new style of bar. bristol after dark. we loved it.
beautiful hotel really love it.always spend my one week holidays in september here with my family.great staffs.the best hotel to stay .i have been here for 2 years now and really love it.i have been in many places but here is the place to stay.
we really enjoyed our trip. great hotel. great service. enjoyed the room. and breakfast was a 10. you could have a better gym. it was a little small and not enough equipment. could be updated and in a larger room.
the architectural and historical beauty of the hotel is amazing. i have really great experience. location of the hotel is perfect. near by most fashionable boutique street .the staff super friendly. the restaurants is good as well.but i  recommended to book in advance because it's full majority of time.
i spend december holidays each year there. great hotel with great service. quiet rooms. and there is a (new!) friendly cat. i have tried  other luxury hotels in paris but this is the best. i am going again next month.
i loved my stay here - and i've read all the reviews here....and it seems almost everyone loves it.it is expensive - and it seems to be the only luxury hotel in paris that wasn't doing promotional rates in the winter!i suppose that tells us exactly how popular it is.people have said lots of nice things about the bristol here, but personally i especially liked a few things:the staff are greatin the summer - eating outside in the garden is lovelythe indoor pool is fabulous and great spot for relaxingthe afternoon tea is nice rooms i liked:the ones overlooking the garden are bigger....but not as brightthe rooms fronting the street seem a little smaller....and not as 'square' - but more of them have balconies (some have two) and have great views.lying in bed, watching the lights on the eiffel tower - well - what can you say.i don't know what anyone else thinks.....but i think travelling on your own to the bristol is a shame, almost a waste - i think this is one of those magical, memorable hotels that needs to be shared!
my wife and i spent three nights at le bristol in october 2004.  the hotel oozes luxury, comfort, taste and efficiency.  everything happens when and how it should and you cannot fault the staff.  nothing is too much trouble for them and they will pamper you in a courteous but friendly and relaxed manner; you don't feel overwhelmed or patronised.  the general atmosphere is superb and the food is outstanding.  go for at least a junior suite if you can get it.  however, this is the sort of hotel where you could easily find yourself dining at a table next to that of a movie star, a tennis star or just a plain, old fashioned millionaire and that is reflected in the prices.  it is probably the most expensive hotel we have ever stayed at - and i've spent much of my life travelling on a  company expense account.  as an example, dinner for two in the restaurant, with less than a bottle of wine between us, cost €450 (i.e. for just one meal) and the suite was €1000 per night.  so the important thing is to approach a stay at the hotel le bristol in the spirit of 'hang the expense'.  you'll not regret it.
my husband and daughter stayed at le bristol for four nights. their stay was flawless. they were made to feel very welcome and comfortable, and had nothing the highest of praise.
from the start of our visit - we were pampered by style and service second to none. the receptionist handled our early arrival from the states with speed - accompanying us to our lovely junior suite on the 6th floor. the room, beautifully decorated, opened to the garden in the interior of the hotel. the room was spacious with two large french door windows. you will find great closet space. the bathroom was large with all products offered including a top notch hairdryer (not just one attached to the wall!). double size shower, wonderful tub, towel warmer, bathrobes and slippers - luxury at its best. the conceirge was top notch,  handled all reservations with ease. the three gentleman handling the post offered great suggestions. all prepaid reservations were smooth and effortless. the hotel is located within walking distance of many sites and great shopping. lots to do in paris - use the conceirge to sort through the choices.  turn down service at night was a nice touch. the breakfast menu left in both french and english. room service was elegant. breakfast arrived promptly each morning as scheduled. get ready for awesome breads at this hotel. the top floor has a nice pool and work out room. a terrace is outside of the boat themed pool area which is nice. the work out room had great equipment and decent changing rooms. try the bar for a late night drink and desert. the raspberry tarts were wonderful - also the strawberry delight worth the time. overall - our stay was awesome.
"i stayed at this hotel for four nights with my girlfriend. overall it was a good experience, albeit very expensive as you can expect from a luxury five star hotel!the staff were responsive, the room was fantastic and the food exceptional. room service was always very fast, the internet worked well, as did all of the other services like laundry and concierge.two issues:1) we purchased the ""midnight in paris"" spa package and i have to say that the jacuzzi was a disappointment. it kept cutting out and it was also blasting cold bubbles, so it was very unpleasant. we left after 20 minutes of our 1 hour session. i recommend the massages, facials and everything else, but the jacuzzi itself was basically not working properly.2) given our large bill, i decided to pay over two days because my bank imposes maximum daily limits on my debit card. on the second last day i paid the first half of the bill, but i made the mistake of telling the lady at reception that i would confirm with my bank that i had enough of a limit to pay the bill in full on the day of checkout (the following day).that evening i went out with my girlfriend and left the key with the concierge, as normal. upon returning, i discovered that the manager had confiscated our key. of course i went to the reception desk and the manager came out, with my key, and he announced (quite loudly) that he had held my key ""as a warning"". the obvious threat was that he would not give me my key unless i paid the bill, even though i wasn't scheduled to check out until the following day! it was very embarrassing especially with my girlfriend there, and with strangers at the reception. of course he gave me my key after i went ballistic. he was then all apologetic but the whole event really soured my experience of staying at the hotel.the next day of course i paid the balance with no problems and that was that. i suppose arrogant staff are to be expected at a hotel like this, but overall i would expect more professional behavior. we will not be returning to this hotel as a result of this embarrassing incident."
stayed here in a very nice (slightly over-the-top) suite for a week.  it's taken me some time to formulate my thoughts and to give a fair assessment.  a walk through the lobby will spellbind you.  the hotel building has presence and heart and permanence like very few purpose-built luxury hotel structures from a bygone era.  the gardens in the center are tiny, yet among the largest secreted retreats of the kind in paris. the furnishings and elevators and the finishing and detail in the suite and the furnishings and the art on the walls, will all take your breath away.  the hotel's prices for food and drink and service and amenities are in keeping with the expectations of a similar hotel.  everything is acceptable ..where this hotel falls down spectacularly is in the service.  certainly, there is a sincerity - a veneer of sincerity.  perhaps it's even a thick veneer (and that may be good enough for some), but it is a veneer all the same where a disdain for its guests shines through in the end.  there is a certain 'something' picked up by both my wife and i that left us sad. this hotel's structure has so much physical soul - but too many of it's staff completely lack that same soul.take our room service. we ate in room twice a day for 6 days (12+ meals). every single order - each one, came incorrectly.  we tried french, we tried english, we could not get an order to come correctly.  heartbreaking.  on our last orders the waiters who had been correcting our incorrect orders laughed along with us that our last meal came wrong.. we tipped to the moon in spite of our circumstances and the meals still came wrong.  the food took an hour or more to come .  we never got a meal in less than 45 minutes.  and the orders come wrong.  perhaps 16 times.if i owned this hotel i would absolutely 100% fire everyone in the kitchen. if the law would not let me, i would build a second kitchen and just start over (making the original kitchen staff janitors or dishwashers).  there is not 1 redeeming character there. i would shutter the hotel if i had to.and there's the problem.  this hotel has had 90% occupancy during most periods since wii.  it's a success in spite of itself.but it is heartbreaking that a hotel property - building and premisses that exude so much class and dignity and history should be held back by a kitchen that serves food which can be timed by a calendar and which comes as correctly as a broken clock.i vote this hotel a fail and unfortunately will not return.. regardless how many woody allen movies the property features in.  i suggest you find another. you'll thank me if you follow my advice.
i must say that our original room booking would not have elicited our excellent rating, it was too small and not exciting.  we viewed two alternative rooms and selected an apartment overlooking the courtyard that was magic.  during the five nights our our stay, we found le bristol to be very gracious, serene and refined.  i can recommend le bristol to those willing to pay for the beautiful accommodations.  it was a beautiful residence for our wonderful visit to paris!
paid euro 1200 for a room. at that price you expect perfection. building and location is fantastic and the check in was very friendly, although one had to wait. from then on it went downhill. wireless internett did not work something which was not admitted by the reception until  the service man confirmed it. lukewarm vegetable soup and standard spaghetti bolognese was almost 80 euro and was delivered without the glass of red wine i had ordered, which came 10 minutes later.slept badly as the ventilation was not good. doors between the rooms were not sound proof and the room next to me was occupied by a jet-lagged fellow who was on the phone from 3 am onwards.  eggs benedict with truffle for breakfast (42 euro) was almost hard boiled and the trouffle used was certainly not of french quality truffle. staff did their best but seemed overworked. at 300-400 euro it would have been a decent hotel but at such prices i will never come back.
"we stayed here for 4 nights in sept.  the hotel is in a great location - easy walk to all the top boutiques and antique stores.  our room over looked the beuatiful gardens.  our room and bathroom was huge.  the food is a little expensive, even for paris.  check the prices of the minibar.  a coke was appx $8.00.the staff is very friendly and helpful.  for a ""palace"" hotel, no one was arrogant.every area was extremely clean.   i highly recommend this hotel for travelers going to paris for sightseeing, restaurants and shopping.  like they say, location, location, location."
"the are many good things to say about the le bristol: entering its lobby is like arriving in a different century; the chandeliers, the marble floors, the wonderful flower bouquets, the charming old elevator, the chintz and velvet arm chairs.... glorious! reception staff are incredibly professional and courteous. food is great (waiters less so- whenever i have a special request, i feel they look at me with an expression that means ""how dare you ask me something""). also, the owners invest continously into keeping the property immaculate- each time i have stayed there (3 times so far), there was renovation work going on in parts of the building.however during my last stay earlier this week, i was really upset by the fact that in my room that cost > € 600 the was no warm water available at 11.30 at night! knowing that it is an old building, i thought ""ok, probably i just need to wait a little, the pipes are old..."" but even after a full 5 min, all that flew from the taps of both the basin, the bath tub and the shower was ice cold water.i was really tired and had to get up early the next morning, so did not call reception (did not want to stay awake and wait for someone to look into it) and went to bed without a shower. the next morning, it worked fine - but it was a really disappointing experience. at a hotel of this category and price, this is not acceptable."
i stayed at the bristol in february.  damp and dreary paris weather but pure luxury inside the hotel.  room was large and nicely furnished.  restaurant was great--among best recent meals in paris and open on sunday.  also, the bristol has a nice selection of teas to relax after work in the afternoon.  surrounded by the best shopping and near the river for a nice jog.my only suggestion is flat screen tvs would be nice in a luxury hotel, which the bristol more than meets the requirements.
"the bristol is physically beautiful and very conveniently located for tourists (20 minutes walk from both the arc de triomphe and the louvre). the staff are professional and courteous to a degree not even approached at any of the other hotels at which i've stayed. the rooms are comfortable and spacious ... even in one of the cheapest rooms (the ""superior"" room) there was lots of space along with a large stunningly-appointed bathroom. there's a lovely (indoor) swimming pool on the top floor with great views of paris. my wife's birthday happened to fall on one of the days of our stay and the hotel (with no prompting, they must have gleaned our birthdays from our passports at check-in) had a delicious chocolate cake sent to our room.the hotel is expensive (our room ran to about 540 euro = $600+ per night), and the food is correspondingly expensive. you can expect to pay 18 euro ($20+) for a glass of ordinary whiskey at the bar, and about 45 euro ($50+) for a full (""american"") breakfast. you can avoid the food charges by breakfasting at the bakery two blocks down the street (3 or 4 euro for coffee and croissants), or drinking at any of the many bars in the area (6 euro or so for the same ordinary glass of whiskey).all in all it's a great place for a honeymoon or luxury vacation. you'll pay through the nose but you will get what you're paying for."
"no disappointments here.  they let us check in early after an overnight flight with ""of course your room is ready.""  the concierges recommend fine restaurants and get the particular rental car you want with a phone call.  then, there's the sublime rooftop pool.  i could go on and on."
we headed to paris to watch lance armstrong win the tour de france. never having been to paris, i had no expectation or prior experience on the hotels. we chose the hotel le brisol, and it was absolutely one of the nicest hotels i've stayed in.our room was not ready when we arrived and being jet lagged and tired, we waited in the lobby with books to pass the time. we were unexpectedly upgraded to a junior suite at no charge - i think they took pity on us because i'm sure we looked awfully tired! our room was lovely with a balcony overlooking the gardens and the restaurant. we had a beautiful, marble bathroom with a separate shower room. everything was absolutely lovely. this hotel is also within great walking distance to the champs elysees and many monuments. the concierge staff is impeccable and sebastian went above and beyond to help us - at one point even bringing us aaa batteries for our digital camera. he was a highlight of our trip; what a wonderful concierge.
i took my partner to paris as a surprise for his birthday in sept 2011, and we stayed at le bristol. being a student, staying at le bristol was a special treat so i wanted to make sure it was all perfect.i emailed the reception explaining the occasion asking if there was anything they could do, and also the restaurant about my lunch booking.upon arriving at the hotel at 10am (5 hours before check-in time) the door porter walked up to the car, opened the door, and said good morning mr gibbs. my instant reaction was how did he even know i was mr gibbs?! he hadn't seen my luggage, didn't know what car i was arriving in, nor the fact i was arriving in the morning. i could have been any young man turning up that morning. my luggage was taken in an instant, i was lead to the reception, where every single member of staff beamed at me. this lobby is like a dream, and you can see why it received palatial status and also featured in midnight in paris. it's beautiful. the friendly receptionist told me all i needed to know, took my luggage etc, and confirmed our lunch reservation. i asked to go to the toilet, and as she walked me down the hall we passed the restaurant. again, i could have been anyone, but the lady at the podium instantly said, hello mr gibbs, just to confirm your reservation is at 1:30pm. how did they do this?!the receptionist also overheard me talking to my partner about our louvre trip, and offered to give us a map, tips, etc. when we came back to the hotel we went to eat in the 3 michelin star restaurant. this was brilliant value for money. we had 3 courses, with probably another 4 mini courses if you include the extras, all for 80 something pounds. the restaurant was beautiful, the service was incredible (the woman raced me to get back to my chair first when i returned from the loo, just to pull it out for me, they regularly swept crums away and service was like a military operation it was so precise). the food was something to die for, and the staff overheard us saying how much we liked the sweets at the end, and brought us out boxes of them to take back to the room. they even wrote a message to my partner on his desert to celebrate the occasion, complete with gold leaf. we enjoyed some wonderful afternoon tea to finish.when we left, there was a lady ready to take us to our room instantly. we walked through the beautiful hotel, up the famous lift, to our room. we had been upgraded to an incredible suite with a separate lounge, huge bedroom, huge bathroom. i have been to some nice hotels, but this was just incredible. the bed was the most comfortable i have ever experienced. and waiting in the lounge, was a beautifully crafted desert, with gold leaf, a chocolate plaque on which happy birthday was written, petals with sugar dew drops, leaves made out of chocolate. and a vintage bottle of champagne, all on a neatly laid out trolley with white table cloth and fine cutlery, and a message from the manager. just incredible. we went to the pool where the changing rooms had their own little steam rooms, and that was lovely. when we went back to the room, the bed had been turn down with roses and petals spread all over, each petal evidentially placed very precisely, rather than just chucked on. amazing!! it got better. on several occasions they sent someone just to replace the ice bucket for our champagne, and they even made the desert all over again so we didn't have to eat a half finished one when we fancied it again. we called and asked for some bags and shaving stuff. the hotel brought up a huge selection, and about 5 different typed of bags to choose from. i have no idea how they got to the door so quickly - they must have someone waiting on each floor?! we also left our shoes outside to be buffered up. the hotel didn't just clean them, they changed the laces, and even fixed my heel, then painted over any scuffs so they looked brand new!!the next morning we had breakfast, which was lovely, and then checked out having spoken to the manager who spoke perfect english and was a very friendly man, clearly taking the time to get feedback from as many people as he could. and not just to look good, but to listen and constantly improve the hotel.if you want to stay somewhere that will make your dreams come true for a little while, and will make you feel like you're in a romantic film, then stay at le bristol. the service is on a level of its own compared to any other hotel i have stayed at in the world. you will be amazed, fact.photos coming soon.
i booked a deluxe room for 1250 euros per night. the room that i was given was unacceptable: a small loft room on the eighth floor that involves taking the lift to the seventh floor and then walking up two flights of stairs to the eighth floor. it is outrageous that such a hotel can get away with overcharging for such a small, poorly located and irregularly shaped room in the attic. furthermore,in that room, it is easy to bang one's head against the masonry which protrudes from the wall.when i complained at reception on check-out, no attempt was made to apologise for allocating us to such a room. frankly, i have stayed at all the palaces in paris except the plaza athenee and i can honestly say that there is much better value elsewhere.put simply, i wouldn't stay here again. i'll go back to the crillon once it reopens.
my husband and i spent the last two nights of our honeymoon in paris, and wanted to finish the  honeymoon somewhere very special, and i spent a lot of time researching what i thought would be the perfect hotel, i was torn between the plaza athenee, le meurice, george v, the ritz but based on reviews went with the bristol, we were overall disappointed the with the experience and here's why.the good- the hotel lobby and the surroundings throughout the hotel are absolutely stunning, beautiful vases with stunning bouquets of fresh, gorgeous flowers every, and gorgeous furniture, paintings etc. adorn every wall on the hotel, it is really beautiful- upgrade - when we informed the hotel we were here for our honeymoon ( i had written ahead but they didn't acknowledge this until we told them) they gave us an upgrade to a suite which i thought was a really nice touch- honeymoon spa experience - my husband and i booked the 4 hour spa experience at the hotel. as soon as we arrived the spa receptionist warmly welcomed us, and our experience began, we had a number of treatments and then had champagne and canapés and the spa to ourselves. the treatments were fantastic and the therapists, were really lovely, it was a lovely experience, and we were very happy with it, and was definitely worth the money paid.mixed- room - the suite we had was really lovely, it was smaller than i imagined and somewhat more old  fashioned but that the hotel are going for a timeless, classic work and it definitely works for that.  it was though a lot smaller than i expected, the normal rate for the suite was 2000 a night, and had i been paying that, i would have been disappointed, but for an upgrade it was perfect.the bad- the reception welcome was mixed. i had emailed about coming on honeymoon, and they didn't  acknowledge it, for a hotel with such a strong reputation on customer service i was surprised at this. theere seemed to be some training off some junior staff at reception when we arrived, and it took a few mins to get someones attention and we were then passed from one person to another, it was all fine, but i think for a hotel of this calibre we had expected something more.- the breakfast the next morning was really disappointing, we ate in the main breakfast area just off the lobby, and there wasn't much of a choice, we had the eggs, sausage, and bacon, and it was all served blended in a bowel. it was really unappetising. i have read in previous reviews since there was another breakfast area, but we weren’t informed of this if there was. we also asked for extra bread and were charged 12 euro for this on our bill, which i was a little surprised by.overall the bristol caters for customers where money is no object, and i think if it doesn’t matter to you spending a couple of thousand for one night in the hotel, its perfectly fine. for those though where the bristol is for a special experience, for me it was a let-down. i have stayed in many other five star hotels in europe and asia, and in terms of customer service, and food it was sub-par in comparison, and for the money we paid it was definitely not worth it. for those investing in the hotel for a special once off experience, i would look elsewhere.
our family spent two nights here before heading to the chateau country. we booked two connecting rooms under the family program which included buffet breakfast.  the hotel lobby and rooms are indeed worthy of its deluxe rating. our rooms were large, well appointed and spotless. we really wanted to like this hotel more but a few problems arose which prevented a perfect score. first we arrived after our overnight flight in the late morning and were told that our rooms were not ready. ok, i can see that if the hotel was full that would be understandable- but it wasn't. they were kind enough to give us a standard room (one bed) to use until our rooms were ready. we were finally shown our rooms at 3 pm and by this time our children were exhausted. we had requested non smoking rooms but were given smoking. well it was only for two nights and our children were in no mood to change rooms. we figured by using the air-conditioning we would at least be comfortable. the a.c. didn't work all that well and our rooms looked onto a small courtyard so there was no chance for fresh air. needless to say we didn't sleep all that well. breakfasts were good but not what i would expect from this type of establishment - the breakfasts at the meurice were better. the final little miss was during lunch in the bar area. we ordered a rather simple lunch, salads, sandwitches etc. and they managed to mess up the order twice. the quality of the food was excellent though. overall the staff were very polite and well trained and if it wasn't for these problems we would probably return- but paris is full of other deluxe hotels -maybe we will try the ritz next.
we travel quite a bit, and usually as a family.our annual august trip with our two children, ages 12 & 15, took us to paris for four days and then on to provence.i booked the hotel le bristol, through the leading hotels of the world, but it was with all the excellent insights of tripadvisor reviewers that helped me to make up my mind . so thanks to all of you!and the bristol did not disappoint.   of course we flew from the states, and , miracle!, our rooms were ready for us as soon as we got there, around 11 am. fantastic. and believe me, there are many 5 star hotels that have told us to come back at 4 pm, or ushered us to lounges until late afternoon. (hotel arts in barcelona or the carlton towers in london are two that come to mind.).we didn't know that leading hotels had asked for an upgrade for us, which is standard operations for the company. we had booked a jr. suite and an adjoining room with two doubles for the kids . well, the bristol did upgrade us, ---- to a fabulous apartment! and no extra charge.  the views were stellar. the service was quietly superb. yes, the meals are expensive there. we prefered to go out into paris for  wonderful meals, be it just coffee and breads in the morning, or cafe lunches; or solid bistro meals. the bristol staff understood what our family was looking for and recommended spot-on places. i really went back-&-forth about which paris hotel to book . i am so glad we chose the bristol. it was a worth the money and proved to be so memorable.hope this helps.
i booked le bristol for my husband's 50th birthday.  we stayed in a deluxe junior suite with our two children (aged 2 and 7) for 3 nights.  the room was lovely - very clean, good quality furnishings etc.  the staff were very friendly and helpful, and clearly liked children.  unfortunately, it never quite reached the standards that i had expected given its star rating and other reviews.  firstly, there was no reference to the fact that this was a celebration of my husband's 50th year.  (perhaps the travel agent didn't pass that message on in spite of saying that they would.)  there was no dvd player in the room but we were told that one could be made available to us.  we never got it.  (in fairness we never chased them up on this but really should we have had to?)  we ordered breakfast in our room each morning.  the second morning, we had asked for breakfast between 9am and 9:15am.  when it had not arrived at 9:25am, my husband phoned down to find out where it was.  five minutes later it arrived.  on the morning of our departure, we requested breakfast at 6:30am.  once again it did not arrive until after my husband had phoned down at 6:40am to find out where it was.  interestingly, on the first morning we had to sign a receipt for the breakfast order.  my husband queried this given that we were staying on b&b terms.  we were told that this was normal procedure and the breakfast would be deducted from our bill at the end of our stay.  interestingly, we were not asked to sign any receipts for the breakfasts we had on the second or third mornings of our stay.  so, either it was normal procedure and they failed to obtain signatures going forward or they made a mistake on the first breakfast.the hotel staff very kindly said that they would cancel the taxi that we had ordered to take us to the airport at 6:30am and book us a taxi for 7:30am instead.  an alternative taxi was booked but the first was never cancelled.  hence at 6:30am we received a phone call, saying that our taxi was here and did we want it?for a five star hotel i had imagined that everything would run like clockwork, that the service would be excellent and that this would be a birthday to remember.  instead both my husband and i feel let down.  there should not be this number of niggles on such a short trip at any hotel but certainly not one with a reputation like that of le bristol.  this is not a hotel to which i would return.
le bristol is together to ritz, meurice, plaza and crillon the old school of parisian hotelerie.the location is perfect, next to the major shops of foubourg saint honore and super close to the major attractions.the hall cannot be compared to the other institutions in town,  it is smaller, less grand, more simple, less charming and less impressive.the rooms are really old style with not the amenities you expect from a 5 stars lux hotel (there is a la prairie spa....but not amenities in the room), normal linen, boring bathroom, maybe everything is a little bit too understated.breakfast is served in a nice restaurant facing a green courtyard but you need to be lucky to sit there. i was not even being a guest of the hotel. my breakfast has been served at the  bar. same boring and expensive food (34 euros) but in a different environment. rooms are quite but missing of personality.for 960 euros you expect much more
breathtakingly beautiful, but when scratched below the surface the veneer disappears.room service was particularly inconsistent and poor, and table service in the garden was slow and not particularly friendly. management were extremely courteous and helpful, but below this level everything was average.
we stayed at the hotel le bristol for 4 nights in may 2014.  took me this long to write this review because for once i couldn't make up my mind as to how i really felt about this hotel!a couple of months before our stay, i emailed the concierge to assist us in securing reservations to some highly sought after restaurants in paris.  i received a return email to say reservations open only a month before, and that they would take note of my requests and make the necessary arrangements and let us know once reservations were made.  so given the stellar reputation of the concierge of le bristol, for once i left the matter of dinner bookings to the concierge.  i was disappointed to find out that, a month came and went, and still no response from the hotel on my reservation requests.  i emailed the concierge again, and asked for an update, and received a reply some 3 days later to inform me my requested restaurant was fully booked, and that they were unable to secure dinner reservations.  this despite my early request, and a reminder email sent just before reservations were due to open.  had i known they would drop the ball, i would have taken on the task of securing reservations myself.  i expressed this to the concierge through email, and that's when i discover why exactly the le bristol has a reputation that it does.  first profuse apologies were offered.  then, as they were unable to obtain dinner reservations, they somehow managed to wrangle a lunch reservation for the same day, then proceeded to make the rest of the requested reservations, and also suggested some replacements for the ones they were unable to obtain.  but nevertheless, damage had already been done, the disappointment was already caused, which felt like somewhat of a let down for me.  perhaps my expectations were too high.so arriving from the gare du nord at the hotel a month later, i was somewhat apprehension, given the price we paid per night.  i was glad that the rest of my stay proved the reviews on tripadvisor to be true, that le bristol really does excel at service.  greeted by name upon alighting at the front of the hotel, our luggage was whisked away.  check in was quick and efficient, receptionist was warm and welcoming, we had to wait a short while as he was attending to other guests when we arrived, but we were first greeted very warmly and received a sincere apology for the wait. small, but very nice touch that other luxury hotels really should take aboard.  at the end of check in, a member of the concierge approached us and handed us a card to remind us of our dinner reservation for that night itself.  every night thereafter, when we went to collect our keys at the concierge after a day out, we were handed a card containing details of our reservations.we had requested for a quiet room away from street noise, and from our cheery room, decorated in french style and in a cheery yellow floral, all was quiet and serene.  room was large and spacious, bathroom equally large in marble, full bath, separate shower and toilet.  toiletries were complete and generous, and by la prairie.  plenty of fluffy towels, bath robes.  high speed wifi was included in our room rate.  large bed, very comfortable and afforded a good nights' sleep.  turn down service was consistent and faultless, and they were generous with the replenishing of complimentary mineral water.  unlike other luxury hotels in paris, this one provided complimentary tea and coffee service.location-wise, it is slightly further down the rue du faubourg saint honore, but still convenient for shopping and such.  closest metro station is at miromesnil, not a very convenient line to be on.  taxis are plentiful, and you only have to step out of the hotel to be offered one by the door man.at this price range, there are many many hotels to be had.  would i return, perhaps not since i prefer to be closer to concorde, and would prefer the location of le meurice or crillon.  but what started out as a disappointment for me, the staff at le bristol somehow managed to make up for, and for that reason, i can't quite give the hotel less than a 5 star rating.
"the only hotel i can remotely compare this one to is the leela palace in bangalore, india.my son (10 yrs old) and i just had an incredible eight-night stay here; pure vacation with near-zero work stuff for me.my wife plans all our family related travel, and she always does an amazing job. this was no exception.everything was amazing; from the foyer, to the pool, to the workout room, to the lounges and restaurants, to the staff, to the uniforms, to the.... these guys didn't skip any beats... anywhere really. my short issues list is at the bottom.we speak a little french, and while helpful, i wouldn't say it had a big impact on our visit. you'd be just fine here without it. it's an ""international"" hotel for sure.they have some kids program stuff, but we didn't do any of that; seemed too young for my 10-yr old. we used the heck out of the pool though!you have to be in the mood for high-ceiling, victorian interior design, from a decor standpoint. while they recently modernized everything (something i've never seen done so well at this scale) with a complete shut-down renovation, the old-world style remains. don't go here if you're looking for ""modern"" architecture/decore; the photos speak for themselves on this front.i have to also say that this place trounces the george v four seasons in paris; crushed it.i asked my son what his favorite things were.- dessert cart (chocolate eclair)- the pool- the beds- the courtyard (where we would eat/drink/chill)- the elevator (super cool old, large, lift)- mango sorbet- the way the room key workshere's my list.- everything everywhere was always super clean.- pool. the pool is stunning with unbelievable views.- the room. spacious (we were upgraded to a suite; prolly due to our length of stay and fact we booked through http://www.lhw.com/ ). we didn't see any other rooms, so i can't compare.- the staff. across the board everyone was engaged, appeared happy, knowledgable about what they were doing, and seemed proud to be there. yusef (guy running the courtyard dining area during mornings) and housekeeper (missed her name) were particularly awesome and nice to talk to.- live piano in the evenings.- the courtyard. awesome place to hang out, chat, drink, eat, chill.- super quiet rooms. we stayed on the honoré street-side which should've kept us up at night, but the recent renovation double-paned all the windows and everything was quiet.all of this comes at a financial cost of course. value for price paid ratio was generally just fine however.my issues with the hotel.- when you're in ""fairly long stay"" mode, having to deal with the same menu each day for simple stuff like breakfast, gets a little old. the amazing presentation and experience of each meal is great, but it would've been nice to have some simpler options for breakfast and lunch at times. felt akin to having 5-star meals... every... single... meal, which just gets old (not to mention expensive) when you're there for awhile.- scotch menu. they have macallan 18, but that's the top of the list. - somewhat isolated from the metro. to get to line 1 is about a 10 minute walk.my son's issues with the hotel.- internet connectivity in the room was spotty (you had to sit in a particular spot in the room)- ""nothing else really""awesome place. we'll be back."
"my wife and i stayed 5 nights at le bristol in april 2013. i planned the trip for her birthday (one of those that ends in a zero) so i wanted to make it unforgettable. i had not been to paris in 40 years and this was my wife's first time.  i wanted a 5 star hotel and agonized for months over the choices.  i read so many hotel reviews until i was almost dazed and confused.  even after choosing le bristol paris, i had some doubt.  only a few of the people i asked had even heard of le bristol and none of those i asked had been a guest there.  most suggested georges v.  my instinct told me to maintain the reservation.  obviously i'm glad i did. we booked the reservation through the american express fine hotels and resorts.  the hotel had a fourth night free benefit which certainly helped, but even among hotels offering the same benefit, the theme that emerged about le bristol, and what set it apart, were descriptions about the courtesy and warmth of the staff. we were very concerned about being accepted as american tourists who didn't speak french well.  that fear dissipated with the first ""welcome""and ""hello"" from the staff.  the warmth and friendliness permeated through the entire staff.  i do not recall encountering anyone who did not greet us with a smile or treat us with courtesy.prior to arrival we had hoped for a room upgrade.  we were pleasantly surprised when we received a double upgrade to a one-bedroom suite on the 7th floor.  we had a street view facing rue du faubourg saint-honore with a partial eiffel tower view.  we didn't find it noisy, even with the windows open at night.  the room was tastefully decorated.  the renovated bathroom was large, extremely well lit, with separate shower and bathtub, and a double sink.the lobby and area around one of the restaurants had what i would describe as a warm and inviting quality.  elegant, but not ostentatious.  the only minor negative aspect was the rather small rooftop pool.the hotel is in easy walking distance to the champs-elysees and many fine stores. even the boat tours are within walking distance.  there are pharmacies practically on every block.  there is also an inexpensive grocery store nearby where we bought snacks and drinks for the room. the concierge team exceeded expectations, particularly sonia, dominique, sebastein, and fabienne.  all of them were knowledgeable, patient, and didn't seem to mind my limited french.  when i left my sunglasses and camera case on a tour bus, they able to locate them and picked them up from the tour bus company.  the nominal charge was worth it. it was the hotel manager, leah marshall, who truly made our paris trip a memorable one.  she allowed us to feel like celebrities, which we are not.  she introduced herself to us while we were eating breakfast and we struck up a nice conversation.  she was there each morning, genuinely asked about our plans for the day, and provided suggestions.  i will never forget my encounter with her on our last night.  i rushed into the hotel lobby after shopping in order to shower and change for dinner at one of their michelin restaurants, 114 faubourg.  she told me that she would see us in the restaurant.  i thought to myself, ""yeah right.""  i was shocked when we arrived and she greeted us with the restaurant staff lined up, including chef eric desbordes.  the food was superb, but her gesture capped an already memorable trip.  my wife told her that she felt like a queen.  leah told her, ""that's the way it should be.""  most people want to feel special.  in my experience such special treatment is primarily extended to those who are well known and/or wealthy.  my understanding is that a primary mission of le bristol paris is to make everyone feel special.  the hotel is definitely expensive and the accommodations were outstanding, but it made me realize that there is more to a hotel stay than fancy rooms and reputation.  it's the people inside who care about their guests that make a stay truly memorable."
stayed at the bristol for 3 nights in november. picked this hotel because it was near my company's paris office and we were having meetings there.the hotel is nice but not that nice for the price. my room was good sized but it looked out over a building being refurbished. the staff never contacted me to see if i was happy with my room. the buffet breakfast in the morning was just ok-for the price. i think it was $60 us.the work out room was lacking in equipment and space. the sauna area was closed and could not figure out how to get into the steam room. no staff there to help.nice location but not worth the price. save money and stay somwhere else.
"bristol standards! this is a wonderful place to stay for a peaceful and luxurious retreat from the city bustle. my opinion is to always stay overlooking the garden - it's quiet and lovely, especially in winter (i've just spent a december-week at the hotel). one thing to consider is that le bristol does not offer a flashy scene such as one would expect at the ritz or the costes - it's a place of quiet luxury where everything works to perfection for business-travelers and families alike. last, they're not lying when they brag about having the largest bathrooms in paris; they're the size of some hotel rooms elsewhere. i keep going back since it's always perfect in every aspect (including the low profile, which may be an issue with those wanting a ""louder"" presence)."
the hotel is good , even not so good they pretend , but very expensiv . rooms are big and clean , but nothing special . the swiming pool is small , the fitness area is poor . the staff is profesional . the location is good . i will try to avoid this hotel.
the rooms in the new wing are large and comfortable (but no water served with the turndown service), especially the white marble bathrooms with natural light (hermes and semonin toiletries). there is some street noise, so i prefer the rooms with garden view in the palace wing (but ask for a refurbished room).great garden for a drink. excellent bar (the perfect tea preparation remains a highlight).good fitness on a high floor with natural light. the pool is too small for laps and the sauna is tiny. no staff present in the fitness / spa / pool area at any time i was there.my main disappointment was the breakfast in the main restaurant (garden restaurant in the summer). there used to be an elegant buffet, now replaced by an a la carte formula. the quality is a world away from the three michelin stars of the restaurant and a disgrace for some 60 euro. the new restaurant, 114, serves a buffet, but this is a poorer version of the old buffet and not worth 39 euro. the management should have breakfast at alain ducasse at the plaza athenee (also a la carte) and compare.the hotel should not charge for internet access at the business centre, given the room rates (600 - 1000 euro+), and the same goes for some of the media in the room (movies, music).overall, i found the hotel had slipped since my last visit and now represented poor value for money (the rates are some of the highest in paris, with very few specials and discounts). i hope mr le calvez, the new gm, who has an excellent  track record, will improve the situation.
i stayed one brief night in paris at le bristol. i thought the hotel rooms, settings, and ambiance were delightful. the only thing i was disappointed with was the shoe shine service. i left twp pairs of shoes out to be polished and both came back with the sides untouched. this sounds petty i know but it was completely below what one usually gets from five star hotels around the world. a real disappointment given how superb the service was elsewhere.breakfast was fantastic, with beautiful china... but at €60 one would expect this to be the case.lovely hotel, but given how fantastic paris is and how little time one tends to spend in the room, i'm not sure if i'd spend my own money on a stay there.
i'm not sure why this hotel gets such high ratings. it's really an over rated hotel and is mediocre at best. the hotel is an older style but not old enough to give it the charm of a more hisorical hotel. it's kind of laura ashley 80's style that really has not evolved. i guess if you are an older couple looking for something old that then is ok but for anyone who wants true luxury or amenities, there are many hotels in paris that would be much better. the location is also not that great. it's up and away from from the main shopping of rue faubourg. it's also not close enough to ave. montaigne. so basically it's in between the two places but not super close either.
would like to again recognize le bristol hotel in paris. we travel quite frequently (40 times a year all over the us, europe, africa, south america, and asia) each and always stay in 5 star hotels. this hotel is by far the best hotel experience we've ever had in our life. the quality of service and professionalism by all employees is absolutely incredible. you are recognized and addressed by name by each and every employeee throughout the hotel. employees go above and beyond what's required of them to make sure you have absolutely everything you need. the recent $30mm renovation certainly shows. we stayed in room 808 and could not have had a better view of the city, including the eiffel tower. the gym and spa are amazing. the restaurant and bar downstairs are very high end. the decor of the lobby is perfect. the concierge was incredibly helpful throughout our stay. they even had an agent meet us at our plane and get us through customs quickly. happy to speak more at length about why i would consider this the nicest hotel in the entire world, but i assure you, it's the best.special thanks to leah marshall (the manager of the hotel) for her help in insuring our stay was absolutely perfect.when we travel to paris, we will only stay at this hotel for the rest of our lives!
i recently completed a six day stay in mid-january with my family including two young girls.  this was our first trip to paris and we were seeking an authentic and unique property in a central location.  upon recommendation of our travel agent who was great, we selected le bristol, which both met and exceeded our expectations for luxury and service.  the hotel is a quintessential parisian landmark with very traditional and highly elegant design.  it is not trying to be more than it is which is a unique, extremely high quality property that attempts to exceed your expectations.  this was accomplished time and time again.we were upgraded into a suite of rooms on the fourth floor which included a corner suite (elyesee suite i believe), very large separate sitting room, and a smaller room for my daugthers on the other side of the sitting room.  it was the perfect arrangement for a family who needed some space, and given some of the upgrades, was of extremely high value.  each room was uniquely and tastefully decorated.  we even had a view of the top half of the eiffel tower.  the only downside of this side of the hotel and a corner room is that you pick up traffic noise more so than if you stayed in a room facing the courtyard.  the noise did not bother us.the food at the hotel was consistently excellent, whether we sampled the various sweet treats left in our room each night, ordered room service (which we did from time to time for the family), or ate breakfast or lunch by the bar.  they would accomodate almost any special request.  we also ate at 114 fourberg which was excellent. what really differentiated le bristol from other hotels we considered in paris and almost any other hotel we've visited is their service and support of family.  best service of any 5-star hotel we've visited in us or row, best seen in the details, so i will provide a few examples.not only did they provide welcome gifts for our daughters but they provided robes and slippers tailored to the unique sizes of a 4 and 6 year old.they were extremely welcoming of our children wherever we went, learned their names, anticipated their needs and eating habits, and made them feel like royalty throughout.  also took care of the parents.very convenient to have the la prairie spa in the hotel which provided wonderful services.  next to the reception area, they have a small playroom for kids.  it's very cozy and inviting with chairs, a table, puzzles, toys, doll house, and many other activities to entertain a child.  the staff at the spa would watch your children while you were visiting or you could just visit the room as a family if you needed some down time with toys.the hotel pool on the top level was another luxury, designed to feel like you were on a ship.  visited twice, and experienced one of our more unique memories of swimming in a pool while watching the lights of the eiffel tower.were in a rush one morning and only had 10 minutes for breakfast.  within three minutes, all the food and coffee we needed magically appeared and we were able to leave on time.while i wouldn't typically write about cats in a review, le bristol has two feline residents which were a special treat for our children who made a game of finding them each day.concierges provided great support and restaurant recommendations.location of le bristol is very convenient.  you could walk to most places in central paris.  shops on st. honore were right out the door door along with many great landmarks and restaurants.we visited many of the traditional sites but with guides and saw and learned things we would otherwise not experience.  found a jem of a park called jardin d'acclimatation which was both a traditional park but also had small amusement rides and unique activities for the kids.  also saw the frank gehry-designed lv foundation building which is in the park.paris in january was cold and rainy but also cozy and much less crowded.  no lines both inside and outside the landmarks.  and the weather made returning to le bristol that much more comfortable, and this hotel is one we will definitely visit again.
i had a business meeting at 10am in the lobby of the hotel and sat down to breakfast at 930 am. at 10 am they were not finished. it was hard to get their attention and one waiter just ignored me. i didnt want to keep my   invites- 3 french ladies waiting so after a further 10 minutes i asked them to join me. the service suddenly warmed up.when we were leaving they thanked people i had invited profusely and wished them bonne journee and ignored me. the next day i decided to go to their other restaurant and shun this one. to my surprise, in a hotel like this,putatively one of the better ones, again i found the same kind of lack of training. they ignored me when i was leaving whilst effusively thanking those who were just before me. the hotel was too expensive overall for what it offered. 2 nights in a superior room cost me more than 1700 euros . the rooms were good as was the bar . the concierge was excellent and resourceful. enjoyed a concert of joe dassin which i would not have thought of on my own
i have stayed at this hotel many times over the past 25 years, and have found it to consistently be a favorite. the service is always efficient, courteous, and welcoming, the hotel quiet and beautiful without the sense of trendiness or snobbishness which can mar the experience at some of paris's other big hotels. the room was ready early, and was cheerful and spacious. am looking forward to my next visit!
the bristol is a very nice hotel. we had a room looking into the inner courtyard, so it was quite quiet.we ate dinner at their restaurant...the food was just fine.many people must stay here for the pool experience it offers, but we never took the time to swim...the location is wonderful, and quite near a private club we belonged to. now that dining experience was fabulous.i found that the over-attentive staff became tiring after a while. yes, we know you have a very nice hotel...i think that the hotel was not nearly as nice as it was 15 years ago...the by gone age i guess.
"it's been over 2 years since i last wrote a review, primarily because i now travel for work 1-3 times a week throughout asia so there have been too many hotels (and too little time) to write about them!  if anyone wants reviews of hotels in asia, i have probably stayed at 2-4 of the big 5 star hotels in beijing, shanghai, sydney, singapore, hong kong, mumbai, seoul, tokyo, bangkok, and kuala lumpur.the reason why i mention this is because i've had a bit of experience in 5 star hotels, particularly in asia.  and we are blessed in asia with standards that are probably the highest in the world.  and for the longest time i've always heard reviews or comments about the service being all the difference in top-end hotels, yet have frankly never really experienced it myself.  but the service at le bristol was so superior to anything i had experienced thus far that i made a special effort to write a review.  this was really the first time i felt the experience, service and quality of the hotel justified paying the prices that 5 star hotels chargehighlights for me were:1)  service - as mentioned, above and beyond anything else i have experienced.  made us truly feel like welcome and like part of the family.  from the door staff, to even the cleaning staff.  but i do want to make special mention to the concierge desk who really just helped us with absolutely everything from shopping to restaurants.  in particular, sonia, dominique and alena deserve the highest praise.  let's put it this way, from where we come from, tipping is not a normal practice, but we were very happy to do so for this team. we now have a 7 month old baby and the hotel also went out of their way to assist, including with a lovely baby cot.  2)  rooms - we did get upgrade to the prestige room, but i don't think the basic room would have suffered as the quality and decor i believe were similar, just the size.  we had been used to small european rooms, but this one was enormous and immaculately clean.  lovely french decor with a large modern bathroom and very quiet with a view over the courtyard3)  location - if you like high-end shopping, the location is superb.  along rue fauborg du st honore, it is walking distance to all the luxury brands, but yet also walking distance (within 5 minutes) to the champs elysee. we didn't use the metro given we had an infant along, but all the major sights were within 5-10 minutes taxi ride.  4)  overall building - it is a lovely building, with beautiful classic glass lift, and in particular, we loved the outdoor garden and terrace area which was so peaceful.  5)  food - with a newborn, it was difficult for us to eat out, and we had to shun any fine dining places (including the hotel restaurant) because of it.  but we did order room service several times and it was top quality (although scarily expensive) 6)  paris in august - just on a quick side note, yes many things in paris are close1d, but we did still manage to find several great restaurants and it certainly seemed a lot less hectic and more relaxed to move around than on my last visit.  though you do miss some of the paris vibe by coming in mid august.  it certainly does seem about 70% full of tourists rather than parisiensdrawbacks (yes there are some):1)  the clientele that frequents this hotel really are high-end, and the prices do match.  even the recommendations for restaurants etc are structured accordingly, so be specific on what you want.  2)  the saint honore area is rather devoid of restaurants.  we did find some brasseries and cafes to the west of the hotel, but many were closed.  so to try some good local casual restaurants, we did have to go to st germaine des pres and rue st dominique3)  fitness facilities were a bit lacking...whilst the pool is gorgeous with wonderful views, it really isn't a ""swimming"" pool, but more a dipping pool - maybe 12 metres long?4)  i don't think this is specific to le bristol, but several times on our european vacation this year, housekeeping staff have knocked on the door, and then almost immediately opened them before we've had a chance to make ourselves decent!  hotels should really ensure staff do just give you a little time to respond or come to the door.   all in all, a truly wonderful and memorable stay - we will definitely choose le bristol whenever we next come back to paris, which will hopefully be soon"
my husband and i recently stayed at this gorgeous property. the location is very central to a lot of attractions in paris. or, you could just stay in the hotel and enjoy the bars (the bartender was recently awarded, top mixologist in france), restaurants, spa, swimming pool, etc......jeremy checked me in very quickly and was so kind. he told me to make myself at home. my room wasn't quite ready, so jeremy took my overnight bag and led me to the bar. he ordered my drink for me and said he would see me again shortly. he wasn't kidding, within a fee minutes, he came to tell me my room was ready.  i took my drink to the room.  my overnight bag was in my room waiting for me. jeremy gave me a quick tour of my room and reminded me to make myself at home.  there was a beautiful selection of fruit waiting for us and a chocolate cake that i couldn't touch until my husband arrived.  i went to the lobby area to wait for my husband to arrive. we had a dinner reservation at 114 faubourg. while i was waiting, stephanie from guest relations came over and asked me how i was enjoying my stay so far. i was very impressed that she was obviously busy with much more important guests then me (there are some famous people staying/living at the hotel right now) but she took the time to talk with me. i have the feeling that she treats everybody as if they are a vip!  finally, my husband arrived. i was starving. i didn't want to eat too much at lunch as i knew we were in for a treat at dinner. everything we ate, just melted in your mouth. i love the open kitchen so you can watch them prepare the courses. the server was very nice and helpful. she helped my husband pick out what wine paired with what dish. when it came time for dessert, we didn't know how we could fit one more thing in our stomaches. we each chose a dessert and decided to share.  our server brought an extra dessert she thought we would also like. when we rolled ourselves back to our room, there were roses and rose petals all over the bed.  around the bathtub, were rose petals and candles!  so romantic. my husband thought that i had arranged this but i hadn't.  the next morning after having a lovely breakfast in the room, we sadly had to check out. i called room service to ask if they could bring up a box so we could take the uneaten cake home with us. they came up a short while later and brought us a fresh cake. service, service, service!  when checking out, jeremy wasn't at the front desk and he told the person at the desk to call him as he wanted to say goodbye!  i felt like we are old friends. for sure i will return to this parisian gem and tell everybody i know!
wonderful furnishings and service and food but one night here costs the same as 5 nights in an historically maintained apartment in a quiet part of the latin quarter. waking to the sounds of the bells of notre dame. view of notre dame and distant view of sacre courer. close to the wonderful open air food market of rue moufftard. i marvel that anyone would stay in any hotel in europe when there are more authentic options, an opportunity to enjoy the cultures first hand. and for less $. go figure.
i booked this hotel based on being the 'best of the best', according to the reviews i had read.  this was for a surprise romantic valentine weekend stay treat for my wife.  i clearly told them at booking prior to the trip, that this was the occassion.  i fully expected them to be cool on reception, and to totally overlook the reason for the visit.  the kind of treatment the some tripadvisor reviews tell you you'd experience at the other top hotels in paris. it's 'the some' that i often double check to get a more realistic view.  also; i am not shy about critisizing bad service myself..  the trip was going to set me back a pretty packet too.how very wrong i was about my fears.from the moment we arrived, we were treated as if we really mattered to them.  i am sure we were given an upgrade and every single member of staff we encountered, was truly polite helpful and cheerful.  the door staff welcome you and the reception greet you with a smile and don't answer the phone during the conversation with you.  you are then taken to your room by another member of the their staff and shown how everything works.my wife was spoilt with many boucheron perfume extras in the room and the view and decor were delightful.  the bed was sprinkled with yellow rose petals in a heart shape over the bed and other fresh flowers were in the room too.in the first evening, we had a surprise visit from room service.  complements of the hotel, an amazing multi layered cream and strawberry biscuited style cacke with a fruit sauce and heart shaped chocolates around it.  also, a bottle of their finer champagne.  all this on a silver service.and there had been i, hoping to see, and more then delighted with, a wee card and maybe a low end bottle of champs in the room on arrival.breakfast at the hotel has to be the most sumptuous i've ever known.  we were treated with the same dignity and service that the others (dripping with gold) were.on checking out, i paid a bill that left me thinking that it had been well worth the expense.  i particularly asked to see the manager to thank them all for giving us such a fabulous time.trouble is; now that we've been there, no other paris hotel will do.  so future trips will simply have to be saved up for.  without all the razamataz next time; this hotel will surpass all our hopes just as it is.now if you think this revue is too good to be true; read some of my others.  i am struggling to balance my comments with a criticism of the 'le bristol' experience, but i can't think of a one.enjoy it if you get the chance !
"hotel le bristol has been a favorite for many years.  on my visit to paris last summer i stayed at four seasons george v, based upon the many stellar reviews on this sight (and i love fs hotels in general); the fs george v was flawless in many ways and exciting and beautiful and the staff were positively friendly beyond being professional and efficient.the bristol, however, is an elegant hotel which is unique.  it is not so flashy, but entirely beautiful.  it's location is superb because it bridges the neighborhoods where the george v (camps elysees) is and the neighborhoods in the opposite direction (louvre, opera, tuilleries). also, its a quicker walk to the left bank.the george v may have a flashier lobby and more interesting and attractive venues for eating/driniking but the bristol has the most beautiful parisian park and gardens as the centerpiece of its public areas.  the buldings which surround the gardens comprise the rooms in the hotel and the garden is a fabulously beautiful spot for dinner, breakfast or a drink.the lobby is understated and in all honesty could use some new soft furnishings.  the structure and architecture itself is faultless.but the service.  it is truly personal, elegant and very discreet.  the hotel is not on a huge square or major avenue although the faubourg st, honore is a street which is renowned for its fabulous shops.  it is also very close to the palace d'elysees and everything that is beautiful about paris.the room we received was lovely.  freshly renovated, the style would disappoint some who like a more overtly opulent style or, who, on the other side of the spectrum love cutting-edge modern. the bristol room was elegant, yet restrained.   the bathroom is all marble and huge...the biggest bathtub i can recall....you need not spend your money on a spa treatment once you soak in the beautiful tub infused with the special bath products provided which come their own exclusive spa.we had a ""junior suite"" (mind you, not a deluxe junior suite and we could not stop taking joy in the beauty of the room.)  we also had two huge, flower-bedecked, windows which opened onto the magnificent garden.  the soft sounds of the fountain were sooothing...and the beautiful view was pure indulgence.everytime i have stayed at the bristol, the service has been impeccable.  i am always recognized, even after an absence of a few years.  i am know by name before i even reach the reception desk (and not because some driver or staff member calls ahead on his discreet walkie-talkie.)don't get me wrong, the service at the george v fs was great in the wonderful fs style, but le bristol is truly old-school.  it is perfect in the way great european hotels have always been perfect.  of course, there was a huge bouquet of roses and lilies in the room, perfectly matched to the color scheme of the decor;  of course there was a large pedalstal of fresh fruits, and a large platter of petit fours for our enjoyment.  these are not just ""amenities""...this is the bristol style. and this is the manner in which the bristol thanks its loyal customers for returning over the years.the breakfasts are delicious...the buffet in the summer garden restaurant or room service...the best baguettes, croissants, coffee, hot chocolat, etc.elegant, perfect service and discreet are the words i keep coming back to in order to describe le bristol.  not as haughty as the plaza athenee, not as busy/glitzy and as ""american""  as the four seasons george ; i enjoy the neighborhood of the bristol better because it is less hectic neighborhood than the meurice or crillion (although the latter is located on the most beautiful ""place"" on earth. and the former faces the louvre and the jardin de tuilleries)i will go back to the george v again because the public spaces and restaurants are impossibly beautiful and the hotel is abuzz with excitement.  the rooms are excellent too.  but for classic french style and service, when i am in the mood for that, i will stay at hotel le bristol.of course, one cannot go wrong in paris with the small ""hotels de charme"" which dot the right and left banks these days.  but if service is important, and extra space and unique elegance are appreciated the extremely high price of the bristol is an excellent choice."
we arrived in paris tired and disappointed from a 48 hour trip that was supposed to be 13 hours.  we left usa on sunday it is now wednesday and we still have no luggage.  we have been at the le bristol for less than 24 hours and are at a loss for words to express there care and kindness we have been given.  from the moment we stepped into the hotel they have made every effort to make our stay wonderful!  i will be writing a full review at the end of our stay.  for now i will share the highlights of what the management, front desk and concierge team have accomplished.  we were upgraded to a jr. suite with a beautiful view. we were escorted to our room immediately and served breakfast in our room within 20 minutes of our arrival.  we left to purchase some clothing items and returned to a wonderful surprise of a beautiful christmas tree completely decorated in colors that matched the decor of the room.  the concierge team took over the task of locating our luggage. we expressed that since we had lost a full day of our vacation we wanted to try to change our flight home to stay a day longer.  when we returned to the hotel last evening from the wonderful dinner they arranged for us, we were handed a envelope with our changed airline tickets (nothing short of  a miracle).  upon entering our room, there was a hand written note from ms. leah marshall with a plate of cookies.   this was the type of service that we received in the first 12 hours of our stay at le bristol!  they have turned an unfortunate circumstance into an amazing experience.  please treat yourself and book a room at this amazing palace hotel.  you will not have any regrets!thank you le bristol!
after a week in london, paris was up next. i must admit that i was very much looking forward to our stay at this iconic hotel. for us, it is important that a hotel is child-friendly.. and for those with young children, you will agree that if the young ones are happy, the grown-ups will be too. i am pleased to discover that le bristol is very much a child-friendly haven. this was a stay in mar 2014 but i thought it'd be nice nonetheless to share our experience now. located on the historic rue du faubourg saint-honoré, le bristol is one of only 5 hotels in paris to be awarded the unprecedented ‘palace hotel’ status, one level above the usual 5-star status. and it shows.  upon checking-in, guests are invited by the president and general manager didier le calvez, to partake in a welcome cocktail. impressive !from there, it just got better. for my wife and i, the boutiques along the famous rdfsh beckoned (think hermes, goyard, moynard, f p journe).for my young daughter, the thrill was locating fa-raon the majestic and elusive white birman cat, incidentally acknowledged tongue-in-cheek by the staff to be the real boss of the hotel. hot tip : the royal feline enjoys napping in the little room behind the concierge’s desk in the lobby. we were booked into a junior suite. the keys to all the rooms / suites are, well, real keys (why shouldn't they be, really..) the sturdy type associated with ancient treasure chests, and each tagged to a hefty disc, reminding you that this is the real deal. and upon entering the suite, you know that you have unlocked a wondrous world of privilege and luxury. and that you should start pinching yourself,  just to make sure you are not dreaming. the suite is tastefully appointed, with cut-crystal chandeliers, louis xv or xvi furniture and la prairie toiletries. my daughter could not get enough of the ipod touch remote control to the sleek tv set. the cat-shaped cookies and milk were a nice touch. also, the bright orange and green shower gel and shampoo certainly make bath time more appealing for the young ones.. there is a kids' club, called les amis d'hippolyte (named in honor of hippolyte jammet, who opened the hotel in 1925) right next to the la prairie spa. how thoughtful! when mommy and daddy are indulging in some pampering, the little one is being watched over in a controlled environment. the child can be entertained by books, arts and craft activities, dvds and soft toys.. an xxl hippolyte bunny (officially a gardening rabbit) guarantees lots of happy hugs. incidentally, every child receives an s-sized hippolyte as a gift.. and it is said that the child will receive a birthday note on his / her next birthday signed personally by the adorable bunny! the treasure trove theme continues as you explore the rest of the hotel and discover gems and surprises : the ancient wrought-iron lift designed by leo lerman, a jewish architect who went into hiding in the hotel during the second world war; the massive original marie antoinette portrait by francois-hubert drouhais and the caesar pinnau-designed swimming pool inspired by the wooden decks of luxury yachts commissioned by onassis and niarchos. no review is complete without a mention of the famous garden. if weather permits, tables are laid and guests can dine in the open while taking in the perfume and sight of the beautiful flowers. while having breakfast indoors in epicure one morning, i notice a staff patiently and persistently polishing one such outdoor table. they really take pride in their work here! ah.. epicure. the triple michelin-starred pride and joy of chef eric frechon. it is no coincidence that everything we tried was heavenly. and the place simply oozes quality. from the light-filled dining area designed by pierre-yves rochon (with inputs from mrs oetker, the matriarch of the family who owns the hotel) to something as innocuous as a breakfast juice, from alain milliat no less.  all in all, a stay at le bristol does not come cheap.. but when taking into consideration the sublime experience it promises and delivers, you can say that it is worth it. we only live once, so why not?
"having an early flight into paris, we arrived at hotel le bristol five hours before check-in.  jérémie didn't hesitate to check us in but kindly informed us that our room wasn't ready just yet.  after meandering the surrounding area for an hour, we returned to the hotel where we were told that our room had been upgraded and that it was available - despite it still being many hours before official check-in.  we quickly realised that this high standard of service was standard for this hotel.  the service and attention to detail at le bristol is unmatched and the best i've experienced.  we  experienced a few issues with our french sim cards and the staff in the business centre didn't hesitate to assist.  we were so apologetic for asking for their assistance with something completely unrelated to the hotel but they were extremely forthcoming and didn't miss a single beat.  during our visit, there were quite a few african dignitaries staying at the hotel and despite the obvious disruptions this caused, we never once felt like we were ignored or overlooked.  in fact, we felt very welcomed by the fact that the concierge and other staff recognised us and addressed us by our names each time we left/returned to the hotel.  quite a feat in a busy, popular and large hotel!  le bristol truly deserves its ""palace"" status - it is absolutely stunning.  our room was spacious and overlooked the courtyard which had been beautifully decorated for christmas.  the bathroom, which was as big as the room, was like your own personal spa with double sinks, a huge bath and separate shower.the hotel is located in a prime position, moments away from the champs-élysées and there were quite a few good restaurants in the area.the rooms are pricey but they are worth it even if you stay for a short while.  it's nice to splurge every now and then, and this is one splurge i'll never regret!"
we stayed at the hotel in october 2013 and had a junior suite.  the hotel is beautiful and our room was airy and delightful--very nicely decorated in typical french style, huge bathroom with a shower and a bath, fresh flowers, great products, a wonderful court yard view, comfortable bed and plenty of closet space.  with the exception noted below, the hotel staff is incredible, helpful and very service oriented--everything you would expect from a hotel of this caliber.  the hotel practically bustles with activity and there are so many people standing at the ready to help you.  we had breakfast either in our room or in the restaurants every day and the food was terrific.  the peacock lounge is also fun with great drinks.  i would give the hotel a 5++ but for the concierge service.  i honestly have to believe that our less than exceptional experience with the concierge team was a fluke--we had some avoidable glitches.  everything worked out fine, and i cannot reiterate how beautiful and wonderful the hotel is, and i will probably stay there again, but i think the concierge team could do a better job communicating with guests.
last year i reviewed le bristol under the title “incredible hotel.”  this year my wife and i stayed at le bristol from august 20-23 and then again on august 30-31.  how could leah marshall and her staff top “incredible?”  not only did they, they did it with ease.you might think that le bristol would have a letdown since august is vacation month in paris.  actually, the opposite was true.  with fewer guests, the le bristol staff was even more attentive, friendly and unbelievably prescient than in 2012.  we arrived in the morning on august 20.  not only was our room ready, we had been upgraded to an eighth floor mini-suite.  leah marshall, le bristol’s manager, came to the front desk and personally greeted us.  she asked us what our plans were for our visit and i told her we were planning a picnic.  she offered us a picnic basket and i thanked her and that was the end of the conversation.  a day later, i received a call from room service asking if it was ok to deliver the picnic basket.  i had totally forgotten about it, but apparently ms. marshall hadn’t.  a few minutes later, a picnic basket befitting le bristol showed up: a beautiful wicker, three-tiered affair, with four place settings of china and real silverware, an insulated drawer, silver salt and pepper shakers, and, of course, a wine opener.  our picnic at parc monceau attracted a lot of attention because of this.  “bon appétit” was what we heard from several passersby.that evening we were on our way to a local brasserie our friend had recommended.  the concierge suggested we stop by the le bristol terrace where a reception was going on.  we did and ms. marshall came by, addressed us by name, and asked us about our picnic.  i was floored she remembered the picnic, let alone our names.  it truly made us feel like the most important guests in the hotel.  we told her about a raspberry macaron we had purchased at eric kayser and ms. marshall promised us that the ones at 114 faubourg (where we were eating the following night) were better.  i’ll review 114 faubourg in a separate review, but suffice it say that at our meal’s end, several raspberry macarons found their way to us and yes, ms. marshall, they were better!after a visit to bordeaux and a six-day bike trip in that area, we returned to le bristol where we stayed in a very large, very sumptuous suite.  once again, the staff went out of their way to make us feel like we weren’t staying in a hotel, but rather our own parisian apartment.  we ate at epicure the first night on this second visit in august (under a separate review) and once again, we were completely surprised and delighted with the entire meal.it’s no coincidence that le bristol was named france’s leading hotel by worldtravelawards.com on aug. 31.  it is an amazing, wonderful and unique hotel, thanks to the efforts of the staff who are truly outstanding.
stayed with the family and found myself totally underwhelmed. characterless lobby, snooty reception, rooms ok but no wow factor. good amenities for children such as bedding and in room dining.
nice location, decent rooms. not 5 star service. there are better choices in paris.
i've stayed in many many hotels and you must try le bristol for classic 5 star service in perhaps the best and most lovely location in paris.breakfast in the courtyard in the summer is amazing. chef frechon does wonders in the food department.ask for a room facing the courtyard in the summer and the street in the winterenjoy
this a place i truly love going to once in a while with my beloved husband and where i like to take my friends who would never take the jump and enter this luxury place. the bar is my favorite place so far since i've never spent a night there. what  love the most, go and grab a cocktail.
hotel le bristol is quite simpy the best hotel we have ever stayed at. it is a stunningly beautiful hotel, with amazing rooms, wonderful restaurants, a world class bar, elegant reception areas and lounges, and a delightful courtyard garden - the true epitome of a parisian palace hotel. however what makes the hotel stand head and shoulders above the competition is its wonderful staff. from the moment you arrive at the front door to the moment of departure you feel the entire brigade of over 600 staff are working to make your stay as perfect as possible. nothing is too much trouble for the staff and the hotel's motto should be 'yes we can'.my partner's health has not been good so i wanted to book a return stay whilst it was possible for us to make the journey. the hotel took care of the arrangements perfectly and we were fortunate enough to be allocated a beautiful suite on the 7th floor with a wonderful view of the rooftops of paris.we were greeted by many of the hotel staff with a genuine warmth and were escorted to the beautiful jardin francais, a lovely lounge within the hotel, and served tea ad fabulous patisserie.we were then escorted up to our amazing suite with its own terrace, enormous lounge, cosy but very elegant bedroom and luxury marble bathroom. the room was filled with flowers, chocolates, madeleine's (small sponge cakes), a bottle of champagne to welcome us, and a wonderful selection of teas and coffees, water and so much more. our luggage was already unpacked and items had been taken for pressing. what an amazing welcome and what a beautiful room!on our first evening we dined at the fabulous brasserie 114 faubourg, which i have reviewed separately. but before doing so we went to the bristol bar, which is a stunningly beautiful room, and without doubt one of the best bars we have ever visited. the staff are very professional and welcoming and we were served a wonderful pre-aperitif with compliments of the bar. the head barman, maxime is a most charming young man who is also a genius behind the bar. he has a deep understanding of how ingredients work together and his cocktails are the best we have ever tasted. i urge you all to go and try them!on our second night we went back to the bar before dining in epicure the three michelin star restaurant at le bristol. i have again reviewed this separately, but it was without doubt one of the very finest meals we have ever had.we spent many happy days at le bristol, and whilst it is not an inexpensive hotel when you consider the level of service you receive, the quality of everything that is provided, the size of the rooms, and all the wonderful 'extras' it really is very good value for money, and in our opinion just so much better than any other we have stayed in.it is hard to pick out individuals amongst all the wonderful staff who looked after us, but i do feel special mention should go to the following people:- leah, jannes, eric r, sonia, damien, kevin, patrice, frederic, maxime, jeremie, fabien, narcis, anne-sophie, joscha, julia, christophe, jonathan, luc, arian, hitomi, baptiste, marco, mayla, emilie and indeed everyone that looked after us all so well! merci beaucoup a tous!we have not stayed at all the hotels in the world but it is hard to imagine how any hotel could improve on the perfection that is le bristol. i urge you all to come and experience this truly unique palace with the most wonderful hospitality, food, rooms ad service.
i have stayed in most of paris' top hotels (meurice, crillon etc) but this is by far the best. the atmosphere is so friendly whilst retaining all the glamour of a top hotel. the location is great; near the centre but in a quiet part of town, close to major fashion houses. the reception is stunning and there is lots of marble and gold decor. there is even a welcome reception for new guests, which is a lovely touch. the bedrooms are big and stylish with lovely tvs and the bathrooms are everything you'd expect and more. the housekeeper was so sweet and helped me when my skirt ripped, all of the staff were just delightful! the bar is glamorous and hip, whilst the restaurants seem lovely too. breakfast not so great if you're not a huge croissant fan, the alternatives like granola or eggs were not very nice, but who cares ? this is a fantastic hotel. can't forget to mention the gym and the pool, and obviously the absolutely gorgeous little cats , pharaon and kléopatre- they are so sweet!
this trip was supposed to take place 19 years ago, well thanks to le bristol and the beautiful city of paris and its citizens, it was well worth the wait!we did a lot of research online before booking a hotel in paris as it was the first stay in the city for both of us. we were celebrating a birthday and our wedding anniversary.from first point of contact to checking out it was a fantastic experience.  the staff at le bristol make you feel special and relaxed at the same time.  they are always there when you need them and just make you feel at home.  the room was beautifully appointed as you would expect and of course spotlessly clean. the breakfasts were exceptional.the whole hotel is just beautiful and tranquil but at the same time buzzes with parisian activity and vitality.i'm getting quite emotional typing this because we had such a great time and would love to go back.  thank you everyone at le bristol! a bientot!
living in sydney, i made a detour to paris on my recent visit to europe for christmas to stay at hotel le bristol. based on past experiences it is that worthwhile. this visit was no different. more details should you wish…arrival experience excellent as usual – personable, with immediate recognition as a returning guest and being escorted to the room within a few minutes. the hotel itself is beautifully appointed and extremely well maintained, with all staff having genuine warmth. one of the concierge even remembering my name and room number when returning for the key, after one visit to the desk. the prestige room was spacious and, located on level seven on a corner of the building, benefited from three balconies (albeit with no outdoor seating). the room was beautifully appointed, and extremely well maintained (with the exception of a slow draining bath, and damage to the bathroom mirror – which, whilst minor, is not typical of the hotel). see photos.breakfast at epicure remains without compare – the poached eggs are a must. the view into the garden, even in winter, is delightful – with the addition of a christmas tree during my stay. if you’re lucky, you may even catch a glimpse of fa-raon or kleopatra (the hotel’s resident pedigree burman cats, which add a homely feel to the hotel).the signature 2 masseuse massage at spa le prairie is a must. again, as a returning guest the staff immediately acknowledged this. the service is flawless, and the treatment without compare.for le jardin francais and 114 restaurants, please see my separate reviews (not reflected in this rating).
concierge and other staff were very nice, rooms were excellent, and food was delicious. location was perfect, the elevator was totally cool, and the star of the house, the cat, was awesome! if you come to le bristol i 99 percent guarantee you will enjoy your stay. 5 stars
i spent last weekend (1st feb) at le bristol and it was hands down the best hotel stay i have ever experienced!to convey this its best to describe our experience from arrival onwards:we arrived into paris by eurostar.  we jumped in a taxi from the gard du nord (an easy 15 minute journey) and were greeted by the doormen who swiftly collected our bags, took our name and escorted us inside and presented us to the team on reception.i need to give a big shout out to thomas, part of the reception team as he truly made our time at the hotel special.  our room wasn't ready when we checked in so thomas escorted us to the lounge area and advised that we should have a drink and we'd be called when our room was ready.  we ordered a couple of cocktails (which were delicious) and sat back, took in the stunning surroundings and relaxed for half an hour.  once again, the service was fantastic, a stool was delivered to our table for my handbag so it didn't have to sit on the floor and the friendly service from our waitor was top class.  we were then collected by a lady called ana or ala (i can't remember her name) and we were told that our drinks bill would be taken care of by the hotel because of our wait.thomas and the team had arranged a very special room for us.  we'd been upgraded to room 808 which is part of their honeymoon suite and it was absolutely stunning.  views overlooking the grand palace and the eiffel tower, 4 balconies and the biggest hotel bathroom i have ever seen.  there was also a bottle of champagne on ice, a stunning cake and personal hand written welcome note.  we were asked if we'd like to take breakfast in the room or in the restaurant and we decided upon the room and our request was noted.  we were given a tour of the room and then left to our own devices.  we were also shown the swimming pool area which was stunning, i'm just sad i didn't get to use it on this occasion.upon check-in we'd advised that we wanted to have dinner at a typical french restaurant, a reservation was swiftly made for us at le fontaine de mars and we were very happy with their restaurant choice, the food was delicious.that evening we had tickets to see the england vs france rugby game, upon returning the room had been turned down and jackets and clothing had been hung up.  we ordered drinks in the bar but decided to take them to the room, this was not problem for the staff, the room service team were called and our drinks arrived within 10 minutes of us leaving the bar.we'd ordered breakfast for 9am and at exactly 9am sharp the door bell rang and a beautifully presented breakfast was delivered, hot coffee, eggs cooked to order, fresh juice and fruit salad and delicious pastries and jams - a great way to start the day.  again, the service was exceptional, the lady who delivered breakfast moved the furniture in the room to ensure we were comfortable.at over £1000 for a one night stay, i wondered how i'd feel about the value for money but the overall experience makes it more than worth it and i can't wait to return.  i've raved about this hotel to friends and family all week.  we will certainly be back!a huge thank you to all of the staff we encountered who made our stay extra special (the doormen, reception, concierge, chamber maids and waitors) our time at le bristol was faultless.
this time, my partner and i were celebrating a special event, and we got upgraded to a large suite with a huge fruit basket and a wine bottle waiting for us. there were several improvements since my last visit (and the standard was already high): better turndown service, new bedding by sealy, new fitness room, improved garden setting, even more attentive staff.the service is some of the best i have seen outside asia, and it is consistent: reception, concierge, restaurants, bars, housekeeping.the pool is not very large but the setting is unique and it is possible to swim short laps. the sauna facilities are simple and have not improved with the recent changes to the spa.great new bar, but no alcohol-free cocktails on the menu.having tea (watch out for the trolley with exceptional pastries) in the large garden is a highlight of my summer stays in paris.besides the fact that there should be tea-and coffee-making facilities in the room, the breakfast could be improved. the new restaurant epicure is wonderful, the service at breakfast is very good (warm towels at the start of the breakfast!), but it is traditional à la carte and not really up ot the level of a three-star michelin restaurant. they could already start improving the quality and variety of the bread, honey and jam, but a small buffet in addition to the menu (see the mandarin oriental) would offer better value for money and change the whole experience.overall, d. le calvez and l. marshall are doing an incredible job at le bristol. top of the parisian league with the plaza athénée (to be seen, though, when the pa reopens next year). still my favourite in europe with the ritz in lisbon.
we have stayed at this magnificent hotel two years running. it is an absolutely beautiful hotel. breakfast buffet is to die for. we stayed in an enormous suite so we totally blew the budget, but it was worth it. staff are very friendly. great access to the wonderful city of gay paree. would defiantly stay again.
i stayed at le bristol in paris from june 9th-12th and again on june 15th of this month. this was by far the best overall hotel experience i've ever had (and i travel a significant amount yearly throughout the world). if you go to paris, you must stay at this hotel! you will not regret it.the attentiveness of the staff is incredible. the rooms are spacious. the food is a 10. the garden terrace outdoor seating area is perfect for a drink in the evening. the spa is great (got a couples massage which i highly recommend doing). the concierge is incredibly helpful in every regard (my bags got lost on my flight and they tracked them down for me)!special thanks to lea marshall (one of the hotel managers) who very helpful throughout our stay. also, thanks to one of the other hotel managers (unfortunately i've forgotten his name) for spending 30 minutes with me at the bar and giving me a number of great recommendations for our trip!we will certainly be back again soon (i might even book a return trip next month)!this was my first trip to paris and could not have been better thanks to friendliness of the staff at le bristol.
classic hotel in the finest shopping area of paris. check in and concierge were excellent. recommendations for restaurants and getting around paris were great. we checked into a junior suite and were quite disappointed with the rooms aesthetics. decor was plain and boring. the king size bed was not particularly comfortable and you could feel the crack between the 2 single beds joined together. the view looked out onto the back of another building that was downright ugly. swimming pool is small. bathroom is nice and i did appreciate that the closet space and bathroom is removed from the bedroom to ensure privacy and quiet when somebody is asleep. the hotels attempts at up to date technology failed with the tv/stereo. the ipad remote linked to the tv meant that the usually simple task of changing channels was very time consuming. i would try another hotel next time.
i've traveled to many, many first-class properties around the world, and usually i can come up with a semi-clever way of describing the best properties my wife and i have stayed at.  le bristol has me stumped.  i've run out of superlatives to describe le bristol because it is so far and away above the finest urban hotels we have visited.  if you are in paris (or even if you have to travel across an ocean to get there), stay at le bristol, even if it requires maxing out your credit cards, and raiding your kids' college fund.  of course the property is elegant, and the service superb.  what sets le bristol apart is that the service and attitude of the staff is not just perfect, but genuinely warm.  they don't paste on obligatory smiles.  they really mean it.
for our 15th anniversary we decided to try epicure restaurant. as we live outside paris and we did not want to take the car after having wine we also booked a room with amex fhr program.the restautant itself is great. service, food, everything was perfect and we really enjoyed this special moment. attention to detail is genuine. we probably had the best meal in our life. this being said, i usually prefer tripadvisor for hotel advices so let's move on to the next part.check-in was fast & efficient, reception attendant was very kind & warm (acknowledged it was our anniversary and congratulated us). from the very beginning it was like we were 'part of the family'.we were upgraded to a nice suite looking over the inner garden. overall hotel is nice, but i expected more. service is excellent, but the hard product itself shows its age and lacks some modern amenities (like ipod deck, nespresso machine, no powder room in a big suite, mini bar located in a small corner by the bedroom instead of being in the living area, many strange things like that).we went to the swimming pool which is very nice, but in need of some upgrading.location is good.overall we had a very good stay, but if it was not for epicure i would prefer to stay somewhere else.
this review is purely about the trade-off between excellence and price.  it is impossible to consider this hotel is anything other than superb in terms of the fabric of the building, the quality of the food and, most importantly, the service.  all are impeccable, particularly the latter (and which is the most important).  they were charming when they made a (trivial) mistake with my breakfast order, for example, and the front desk staff were very welcoming and helpful.however, i still find myself thinking back in disbelief at some of the prices charged while i stayed there.  some examples were a room-service cheeseburger for euros 38, a half-litre bottle of water for euros 11 and the a plate of pasta with a little bit of chorizo with tomatoes and basil for euros 31.  obviously as a commercial enterprise you charge what the market will bear but these prices put those in val d'isere (i've not been to courchevel recently) to shame and make it look like a relative bargain.  as extraordinary as the hotel itself.in this instance i was fortunate to be staying on a corporate rate, so i can't really comment on the value of the accomodation element, only that i know it represented an sizeable discount to rack rate.  the only (small) gripe i could make about the experience would be that the tvs in the bedroom are relatively small for the (relatively generous) room size.caveat emptor and only you can be the judge of whether you think you get good value for money here, regardless of the experience.
the bristol is the place to be and be seen; if you are indifferent to the money/value equation.  had the most sumptuous closet/room for £550; breakfast at €50 was mediocre, at best.  there are many more high end hotels in paris but the bristol is no longer on my list.  do it once so you can see you did it.
the hotel is fine, but their japanese breakfast is a total waste of money. just stay away. because the hotel well-established and expensive, and because they boast about japanese members on their staff, i thought they knew what they were doing. wrong. the egg omlette had been made earlier and kept warm, thus going dry when i got it. the miso soup had so much seaweed that it was too salty for human consumption. etc. there was not much i could eat from it.
the first words that come to mind are 'pure perfection'. i've just stayed 3 nights in le bristol paris and will be returning in the future without a doubt.the quality of the hotel, the professionalism and dedication of the staff i dealt with was just amazing, they really take it to another level. i stayed in the suite 531 and found it to be incredibly quiet. the suite was beautiful and the bed just so comfortable. i also used their executive car service daily, and it was brilliant as were the drivers. i don't know how the hotel staff learnt my name so fast, but people i had never seen were addressing me by my name which is nice.a big thank you to jannes soerensen (head of rooms division) and to sonia papet (chef concierge) for their kind words and for making my stay memorable.le bristol paris really lives up to its name, which is a 'palace'. an a real one.ian lawson
the service is fabulous and the hotel is spectacular, it doesn't get better than this.  will always stay there when visiting paris.  the location is in a very nice and fairly quiet area.  their restaurants are excellent, no need to dine anywhere else.
exceptional hotel.  first rate service and food.  location was nice, and the rooms were ideal.     nice garden area outside.  probably one is the best hotels i've encountered.  bit pricey, but well worth it.  would stay there again....
in paris no 1, definitelly. location, style of the building, interier, rooms, service. perfect. location in faubourg saint honore is very helpful to keep you in central all shopping area and also all important historical and culture atractions in this lovely city
le bristol is elegant, stylish,extremely comfortable and on faubourg st. honore in theexclusive heart of paris.service is excellent, friendly and also discreet which is appreciated by the many film and fashion celebrities who always return to this haven .rooms are large and beautifully decorated, very tranquil andcomfortable. gorgeous big bathrooms with la prairie products and a la prairie spa on first floor.perfect place to stay in the city of light.
le bristol in paris is -- by far -- the best hotel i have ever stayed at!  from the moment we arrived in paris (literally greeted at our flight), we were pampered.  the room was gorgeous.  the food was amazing.  and, i cannot say enough good things about the staff.  the front desk and concierge really seemed to care about us.  they took care of every last detail (even when we didn't ask).  it was a special birthday for me, and on our last evening in paris, we came back to our room, and there was the most luscious (and delicious) chocolate birthday cake waiting.  it was my first time in paris, and it will not be my last, because paris is truly a beautiful, beautiful city.  when i return, i want to return to le bristol.  and, i cannot forget the beautiful cats residing at the hotel (fa-raon and kleopatre).  even the cats in paris are gorgeous!  kleopatre let me hold her.  fa-raon was not in the mood!  next time!  best hotel ever!
le bristol is a tripadvisor three category award winner for best luxury hotel, top hotel and best service in 2014, as well as being the #1 rated hotel in paris.my wife and i have been very fortunate to stay at some very nice hotels and our favorite hotel was the dorchester in london. for the last three years, the only other hotel that came somewhat came close to the dorchester was the one & only palmilla resort in cabo, mexico. i'm proud to say that the hotel le bristol is now our #1 hotel for it's luxuriousness, elegance and service.right when we walked in, we were in awe. we were immediately greeted by english speaking attendants, lucky for us. we then checked in with marjorie gomez and all she did was congratulate us on our 10 year anniversary and our birthdays, upgraded our room, and then left a handwritten note for us in our room! she was amazing! le bristol made our 10 year anniversary extra special with a bottle of champagne, an assortment of fine chocolates, rose pedals on our bed and around the bath tub, and hand written notes. even the le bristol president and general manager, didier le calvez, wrote us a note wishing us a happy anniversary/birthday! http://www.lebristolparis.com/eng/about-le-bristol/our-team/he's the guy at the top of the list! the le bristol concierge team was spectacular. they all spoke very good english and were always eager to provide assistance and answer any questions. i don't think there is anything this team can't achieve for their hotel guests. they helped us re-confirm our dinner reservation at their own 3 star michelin restaurant, epicure. (i should also mention that constance was amazing as she worked with l'astrance, another 3 star michelin restaurant, on booking dinner reservations for us a month prior. without constance, i know we would have not gotten into l'astrance.) every member of the concierge team and the le bristol team was warm, polite, and friendly. i actually wondered if the staff got daily bonuses for the number of times they smiled at their hotel guests!our room was spacious and luxurious. everything was authentic as reproductions of paintings, mirrors, prints are not allowed in the hotel. our bath soap was made by hermes and our shampoo was from the la prairie spa! the bed was divine as were the sheets.le bristol is also located near the palais d'elysee (home of the french president) and on a shopping street (rue du faubourg saint-honore) parallel to the champs-elysees, which is two blocks away. within walking distance were stores like chopard, ferragamo, céline, yves saint-laurent, givenchy, chloé, christian lacroix, versace, ungaro.to sum it up, le bristol is definitely pricey as we paid about $1,100 usd per night but it's well worth it.  le jardin français restaurant:caesar salad: 45 euros or $57 usdpumpkin soup: 26 euros or $33 usdpan-fried roasted beef filet: 68 euros or $85 usdred berries dessert platter: 33 euros or $41 usdhomemade ice cream: 24 euros or $30 usdepicure restaurant: 3 star michelin restaurant and requires reservationschef eric frechon's suggested menu: 295 euros or $370 usd/person1l of evian water: 12 euros or $15 usdle bristol is our new favorite hotel and we will be staying there the next time we are in paris. special thanks to the le bristol team for making our 10 year anniversary so special!
truly a home away from home. very friendly staff, impeccable attention to detail and 'the small things that count' to make your stay very special. location wise it's a stones throw from the heart of the action with all attractions nearby.  if you get a chance to stay here please do!
i stayed at le bristol recently with my 21 year old son, and although i have never written  a hotel review before - i just have to tell you about le bristol.  i have stayed at many fine hotels - but this one is special.  le bristol is an elegant and old fashioned hotel - just what you look for in a fine paris hotel.  and although le bristol is very classy - it still managed to have a very comfortable feeling both in the public areas of the hotel as well as our room.  but what puts the icing on the cake at this fine hotel is the service and smiles of everyone who works there.  from the moment we walked into the hotel we were greeted by all.  it seemed as though there was a personal interest taken in us by everyone we came into contact with.  it was so wonderful to be shown 3 different rooms to choose from in our room category.  and although we weren't staying in (even close to) the top category of rooms - we were treated like royalty.  there was an invitation to a guest cocktail party while we were there.  and not only advice from management about where to go for lunch in a small town in the south of france that we were staying in later,  but a member of the management team even made the reservations for us and then stayed in touch with us on our trip.  the restaurant recommended turned out to be fabulous!  the concierge at le bristol were among the best we have ever experienced with every request being dealt with professionally and superbly.  and when the manager of the hotel takes the time to not only greet you personally, but stop by and help you at the concierge desk - you know you are in a special hotel.  finally we celebrated an important occasion at le bristol's fine restaurant epicure.   as with the hotel - it is very classy and elegant and has amazing food.  but just like the hotel - what made all the difference were the wonderful personalities of everyone we came into contact with at epicure.  not only did they make our dinner special, but they made the whole experience in a very elegant paris restaurant delightful and fun!
"at first was a little hesitant to stay here just due to my unfamiliarity with the property and my familiarity with the george v due to past stays and also the plaza athenee.  however, since one was closed and george v required that we take such a big room to accommodate myself, my husband, and my 11 year old, it became astronomically priced so we chose the bristol. i had also read that the bristol was good with children and my daughter found out they had a house cat so the bristol it was. upon booking we did find out, which was a drawback, that the bristol charges 150 euros a night for a rollaway, which was a little outrageous and no other hotel during our stay in france did this. if you can arrange transportation from the airport to the bristol thru the hotel it's worth the extra money. they have an agent that will meet you right off the plane sweep you thru customs and baggage claim and have you in a lovely car with cute bristol floor mats in record time!  we booked thru amex fine hotels and resorts and were upgraded to a deluxe junior suite which was very spacious for three people including my daughter and the 150 euro rollaway which actually turned out to be a sofa bed that they made out for her. i was worried from pictures on the website that it looked a bit dated but it's all good, very elegant in all aspects. our room wasn't ready so they sent us to breakfast which they comped and we had our room within 20 minutes of arrival. what really makes this hotel standout is the service. everyone is so nice and the service is just excellent! the usual answer to any request was ""of course madame, whatever you wish!"" the hotel was quite homey comfortable in a beautiful grand sort of way. my daughter was greeted in our room with cat cookies, a drink, a kids menu and a stuffed rabbit. she also had fun finding the cat all over the hotel during our stay. the indoor pool was a treat and the the views from the pool were incredible. we had breakfast every morning in the fine dining room and felt like royalty. the garden was breathtaking and nice for drinks. i had one of the best facials of my life in the spa. we dined at 114 our first night there since we were tired and it seemed like an easy choice. it was very good food for my husband and i, and we are not the only ones who think so since it has one michelin star, but they also had a children's menu- so everyone was happy. the location is excellent and so close to shopping and was a very easy area to navigate. i just don't know how it could get any better and we hated to leave. when we return to paris it will be ""tres difficile"" to stay anywhere else. we are converts!"
the hotel is beautiful and in a great location. the service is spectacular here; everyone that i came across was extremely pleasant, attentive and helpful. the hotel has a huge beautiful garden courtyard, a 3 michelin star restaurant, cool cocktail bar with dj from thursday-sunday, as well as other great dining options/bars. even the room service was awesome. there is a top ranked spa, as well as an unbelievable yacht themed indoor pool. you pay a lot, but you get what you pay for. what more could you ask for? i have never written a review (on any travel site) about any hotel, but felt compelled to after my stay. we will definitely return soon.
we returned to the hotel le bristol after our last visit several years ago. the services and experience were just as good if not better. the room is large, clean and in a classic parisian style. the staff as usual were extremely friendly, pleasant and helpful. the breakfast and dinner menus in the hotel restaurant were delicious with first class services. its located in a great location, walking distant to shops, cafes and the subway. a great place to relax and indulge. one of our favourite hotels in the world.try it and you will be impressed.
we are a malaysian family travelling with 2 kids and our stay in this hotel really made our vacation to paris so memorable. our twin boys were welcome by fa-raon, an adorable cat when we arrived in the early morning and this made them feel straight like home in le bristol.our eiffel tower view rooms were beautiful and spacious. the truly exceptional experience for us however was the friendly services provided by the front office staff, concierges, housekeeping, restaurants and lounge staff, bell men and others that help us in le bristol. i have to thank jasmine a fellow countryman and dominique the chief concierge and numerous others which i do not have their names, for helping us whenever we need anything during our stay.if we visit paris again, le bristol will definitely be our choice hotel.
"over the years, i have stayed at many grand hotels and the crillon is my preferred destination in paris. sadly, that particular grande dame is currently closed for renovation, so i decided to try le bristol on my most recent trip to the city of light. our welcome was warm and friendly; check-in was quick. we received an upgrade to a junior suite and the room was immaculate, with a huge bathroom (with separate shower, of course) and comfortable seating area. there were free fruit and water awaiting us in our suite, and two complimentary bottles of evian were placed on our bedside tables each evening as part of the turn-down service. all of the facilities we tried in the hotel were top notch: our american breakfast, delivered to our room at precisely the specified time each morning; the gorgeous spa and luxurious bar (see separate reviews); dry cleaning service; room service for dinner. the concierge desk was fantastic: my partner asked for an adapter for her hair straighteners as we were leaving the hotel to go sightseeing and it was in our room upon our return a few hours later. similarly, my girlfriend asked if we could purchase a couple of jars of the hotel's rather wonderful jam as i was checking out and she was presented with a whole bag full of the tiny jars!what really elevates the bristol above the other luxury properties in which i've stayed is the staff. everyone, from irina at reception all the way through to waleed at check-out, seemed genuinely happy to be there. walking around the hotel, every single employee greeted us with a cheery ""bonjour""; there was nothing forced or contrived at all. the porter who brought up our luggage and the room service waiters were all friendly and willing to chat- there was none of the surliness which often mars visits to this kind of establishment. sadly, there were a couple of negatives. soundproofing was generally good but, even so, the sound of doors being slammed shut in adjacent suites reverberated around our room. i can't believe that the hotel trains its staff to slam doors shut- perhaps more civilised guests could be sought?finally, my personal pet hate: corporate avarice. when guests are paying a minimum of €700 per night for accommodation (and often much, much, more), what possible justification can there be for charging €12 for a 40g box of pringles or €24 for 24 hours' worth of wifi access? to be fair, irina was most apologetic when explaining how to access the wifi and said that the hotel was working on offering it for free.i know that all the leading hotels charge for minibar products and wifi access. and, obviously, nobody is forcing guests to use these services. still, it would be nice if the oetker collection could break the mould and offer free minibar privileges (perhaps with the exception of alcoholic beverages?) and complimentary wifi to guests? these small changes would turn a wonderful hotel into the perfect one."
this is our favorite hotel in paris because of the standard of the hotel. the service is second to none. the ambience is very friendly, the staff is very professional and attentive, the rooms are beautiful decorated, the courtyard garden is a beautiful, lively but still peaceful place to enjoy lunch, afternoon coffee or drinks before dinner. once you have stayed here, you want to come back (soon).
we stayed 7 nights. nothing was too much trouble & all the staff were just gorgeous. how could we live without the concierge? such a reflection of a very well run hotel. it was very special to celebrate my birthday here & now my husband & i couldn't imagine staying anywhere else.
"i spent a few days at le bristol and it was such a treat. from the moment you enter the hotel you know...such warmth from anyone you meet, such attention to details, such exquisite food. the spa is wonderful and thankfully noone pushes you to purchase any of the spa products.the swimming pool is so chic and with a view to the sacré coeur to die for.breakfast is  a feast. every minute you feel you are a very welcome guest for whom your hosts have a soft spot. how can they figure out what you like and dislike, what will please you most? they do.when at le bristol, you know at every minute that you are living the good life the french way.it does come at a price but there is no surprise there and you cannot discuss the price of a work of art.the only thing i really found unnerving was: the doors of the rooms or apartments.a very white rectangle not decorated with mouldings just with a golden and shiny door knob.each door looks like  a ""work in progress"" that could end up as a rococo full gilded door when funding is secured. i am sure this is not the case and is a choice of the designer. but what is the idea behind such a choice "" carte blanche with a golden lining"" or ""blank canvass to paint your dreams""? i found solace with the barometer in the stairs. it could not have been better selected. anyway, when in paris, stay at le bristol and know you selected the best."
we had a wonderful (upgraded) room with two balconies and great views.  the staff was super attentive and friendly. service.  comfortable bed.  very quiet.  large, well lit bathroom.  spa was terrific.  restaurants and lounge fantastic.
the four days we spent at the le bristol will forever be a treasured memory. the hotel and the spacious rooms are gorgeous and thoughtfully appointed. but what really makes this hotel so special is the staff. they strike the perfect balance of professional, gracious and friendly service. they treated us as though we were special, honored guests - and we observed them treating everyone else the same. we were warmly greeted by jeramie upon our arrival and had the pleasure of speaking with him every day. in the lobby bar, we were introduced to the fabulous st germain cocktail on our first day. we made it a ritual to enjoy a light snack and that delicious cocktail at the end of each afternoon. the charming jonathan and jean phillipe made our visit there all the more wonderful. i don't know how they remember everyone's name, but they addressed us by our names each day. we had the pleasure of meeting the effervescent hotel manager, leah marshall, one evening. clearly, she sets the tone for her team with her friendly, personable demeanor. the restaurants are stellar - we enjoyed breakfast every morning in the charming and sunny epicure, with a view of the abundant gardens. at night, this lovely restaurant becomes a magnificent, romantic venue for an unforgettable dining experience. each course was a feast for the eyes and the palate. innovative complimentary appetizers and palate cleansers added to the experience. just when you think it can't get any better, they wheel over the custom-made silver dessert box which opens up to display an assortment of chocolates, macaroons and other delights that are also offered complimentary. once again, the service is unparalleled. marco and the rest of the staff could not be more gracious. we were with our 27 yr old daughter and stayed in a junior suite. because it was so spacious, and included several closets, we did not feel the least bit crowded. the beautiful marble bathroom was very large with double sinks, plenty of counter and shelf space, and a separate shower. i cannot imagine a more enjoyable place to stay than the hotel le bristol!
we stayed at this wonderful hotel early july 2013. we are a family of 4 with 2 young children 3 and 5. we are into design and fashion for work and very particular about the accomodation we choose.the le bristol was fabulous. we had a lovely room that was one of the refurbished suites so was light and bright with 5 star amenities.the breakfast was wonderful as is the room service. as we had 2 young children in room dining was really the best option for us. the spa was great. i managed to have 2 massages with a great therapist called peter. the best deep pressure massage i have had anywhere in the world! location perfect with a easy walk to best shopping and tourist locations.overall this hotel was a dream for us and yes we will be back next july for our summer vacation.
the quality of the hotel is surpassed only by its customer service. we have stayed at better properties but have never had the quality of service we received here. my wife and i were lucky enough to spend 7 nights at this great hotel. well worth the price. you cannot put a price on this quality of service. from the moment we walked through the door we were made feel at home.my wife enjoyed her birthday here and they made her feel very special.the hotel is in a great, quiet location only a short walk to avenue des champs elysees.it is indeed a palace for travellers, as it was intended to be.florence, jean-marie, diego, emmanuel and yusuf were standouts in a very professional line up. but it would be unfair to not give the front desk, porters and house keeping staff a big thanks.it's great not to have to think about where we will stay in paris next time.
they didn't forget a thing. i'm here on business but feel like i'm on a vacation. pristine rooms, comfy beds, and professional staff. i especially love the quiet. when i return with my family i will be staying here. well worth the cost.
i have been staying at the bristol now many times, alone for business or with my family of three children, and each time it has been a great experience with very warm employees who really make you feel home and really welcome, including with the children (just the beautiful white cat is a little shy...). the last time we went for a few days during the birthday of my 13 years old son and he asked for his birthday breakfast for a pogne (a brioche with almond). at 11pm when we checked in, we asked if this was possible, i was hopping that the breakfast staff would be kind enough to find a pogne somewhere... but didn't think it would be possible... what a surprise when at breakfast the chef brought a freshly made pogne just for gabriel with his own receipe that will be inhis next book! with 13 candels! bon anniversaire gabriel!i have tried mny of the palaces and 4/5 star hotel in paris, for short and long stay, and le bristol is really one of the best if not the best. and if you can get a room with a terrasse, then the experience is just magic!thank you to all the bristol staff who really make our stay a great experience each time.
everything was perfect at hotel le bristol. the staff was exceptional and the room was great.  the concierge is by far the best i have ever experienced.  the new hotel bar is a great addition.  walking to from the hotel to shopping, museums, restaurants and attractions was easy.  solidly recommend hotel le bristol.
my wife and i stayed at le bristol last weekend and had the most luxurious, wonderful time... it exceeded all our expectations and would recommend it to anyone... the staff are so courteous and friendly, the epicure restaurant is the best i have ever been to, the rooms so elegant and comfortable, the spa magnificent..... everything was of the highest standard and yet did not feel stuffy or overly formal - a real tonic for the body, spirit and soul....
having lived in paris for around 10 years i had the fortune of eating there on a number of occasions and always promised myself one day that i would spend a few days there when i had the chance ....well due to relocating back to london the opportunity came to spend 3 nights there this last week-end and i am so happy that we decided to do it. i went onto their web site and decided on a junior suite as i was with my wife and our 6 year old daughter so we wanted some space.upon our arrival we were looked after fabulously right until the minute we left; staff are extremely friendly without being overly formal and a special thanks to mr. jean-marie burlet who went out of his way to ensure everything about our stay went smoothly.we did get upgraded and everything about the room was wonderful; if you plan to stay there in the spring or summer months then i suggest you try and get a room overlooking their gardens which are lovely and that is exactly what we will do when we return for a long week-end next year. we tried room service for all meals during our stay and it was of a high quality; also had dinner at 114 faubourg which was superb. yes of course one always has one or two small gripes - the pool had just been serviced and so the water temperature was not warm enough to go swimming which was a disappointment for my daughter especially. the coffee at breakfast was awful and i wish they would provide one of those fantastic espresso machines. but none of these by any means spoil what was one of the best hotel experiences i have evr had and i can't wait to return.by the way thanks should also go to the resident cat which has to put up with so much from the smaller temporary residents i.e. the kids, and manages to stay so calm!thank you again to all the staff at le bristol ......
after seeing this hotel rated as number 3 in trip adviser i had to scratch my head , its fine if you have money to burn, you are a prime minister,  politician or billionaire, but it is truly out of the price range of the average person's budget with their cheapest standard rooms starting at 800 euros  per night , but after seeing the rooms for myself , i find the rooms are large but the decor is nothing exceptional in the standard , superior and deluxe rooms , the decor only gets luxurious when you book a suite starting at 2,450 euros up to 10,500 euros .  i would prefer to have a suite in a very good 3 or 4 star hotel with view, and pay a quarter of the price of a standard room.for people who do not have a few billion in their bank account , and that is most of us . you can do the next best thing and dine in the le bristol's wonderful restaurant , or have cocktails ,  afternoon tea or even just a coffee. the le bristrol management are more then happy for people to do this .this way you can experience this lovely 5 star hotel within getting yourself into debt for the next  few years.
we stayed 2 nights in october. very clean and beautiful hotel. staff is very friendly and professional. beautiful pool. rooms are very well decorated and have very nice furnitures. 21 euros per day for a wi-fi connection seems to be too much and should be free. bistro restaurant is ok but the fancy ones is overpriced and did not impress me at all...
the service and quality is second to none. the management, the concierge and all the staff that we met are totally proffessional, very efficient and incredibly polite and charming.  when ever we asked for something - an adaptor or the seamstress, laundry or even room service they were at the door in minutes!the rooms are bright and not cluttered, plenty of cupboard space and space enough for all my wife's (increasing) luggage.  high quality furniture and the white marble bathrooms are  beautiful and my favorite anywhere. the hermes soap is delicious...the  new brasserie in the new extension is excellent.
an apartment in la residence overlooking the most beautiful courtyard, stunning courteous service, a quiet location near everything in paris and a stunning gastronomique restaurant results in a super-luxury adventure.  go ahead and splurge for a killer room.  it is worth it!
leah marshall describes herself as a hotel manager.  for someone who has held senior positions at disney and the george v, that is a mastery in understatement.  le bristol is a stellar choice, and ms marshall cannot be praised highly enough.it is a joy to experience at first hand - the delights of epicure, the passion of the staff, the ornate quality of the building and the elegant playfulness of a certain four-legged creature.it was particularly special to be invited to meet a number of us wwii veterans whilst we were there, and soak up some tremendous (and poignant) stories from a different age.
"the public spaces in this hotel are beautiful, and the large courtyard garden is one of the best i have ever seen in a hotel.  but my primary concern at any hotel is the quality of the rooms, not the quality of the lobby.  the bathroom was, in a word, unacceptable in a luxury hotel.  the person who designed the wash basin and shower has apparently never used either one.  there is no threshold in the shower:  the door is flush with the floor, so there is no barrier to prevent water from flowing into the rest of the bathroom.  the problem is accentuated by the fact, shown in my photo, that the shower door does not completely shut.  there is a gap between the door and the fixed glass partition.  as a result, the floor around the toilet is flooded after every shower, and the pool of water extends into the main part of the bathroom, where the tub and wash basins are located.  (one of my photos shows the wet throw-rug in the outer room.  on this particular morning, the puddle extended 11 inches toward the toilet, and 13 inches into the main part of the bathroom.)  so i was on my hands and knees after every shower, mopping up the water.  and i have never seen a wash basin that did not have a drain stopper.  i clean my contact lenses every night, and had to put a wash cloth at the bottom of the basin to catch a lens if i happened to drop it.  i thought maybe i didn't understand how the stopper worked, so i asked the concierge to have someone show me how to stop the drain.  a staff member came to my room, and after examining it, told me that there is no way to block the drain.  it is permanently open.  apparently the hotel believes that no one ever has a need or desire to have a basin of water.  i asked the concierge if that's how his basin at home is designed, and he said ""no.""  on check out, i commented on these problems.  the duty manager apologized and asked if he could ""give me something"" as a way of making amends.  how does one respond to that question?   what does ""something"" mean?   a croissant?  a mercedes?  a souvenir pen?  a reduction in my bill?  he offered no explanation, and it was an absurd question to ask.  paris has many excellent luxury hotels.  i won't be staying here again -- though i have to admit that i will probably return to its restaurant, epicure, which in my opinion is second only to le cinq among the top paris restaurants."
this hotel was amazing with beautiful parisian charm. the staff here was lovely and made each and every guest feel at home, recognizing you and greeting you by name. the rooms are simple and decorated in a very classic fashion with plush towels and large  televisions. the food here was also incredible. with two rooms for breakfast, a beautiful outdoor terrace, and fabulous tea, this hotel was everything. the location is also superb and the bristol seems to be extremely well located and in a nice area for shopping and strolling around. would strongly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting paris and i am counting down the days until my next trip.
we have stayed at le bristol three times, and can’t imagine staying anywhere else. it is always a truly unforgettable experience. we were attending the ryder cup in september, and asked about the possibility of getting room service breakfast at 4am, never for an instant imagining it was possible. an exquisite breakfast was delivered each morning, complete with pastries fresh from the oven. every detail here is 5-star. the atmosphere is formal, but very, very comfortable, livable, yet elegant. the staff could not be better trained. they are professional and friendly, well spoken and always available to help with absolutely any request. jean-marie is the manager of guest relations, and he is unforgettable. he makes himself available the moment you check in, and by the time you leave, he feels like an old friend. he is an absolute star, as is the entire staff. no such thing as visiting le bristol once - you will definitely go back!
as you might expect from one of the famous palace hotels in paris, the bristol is a wonderful hotel. the staff are friendly, polite and always willing to be of assistance. the hotel itself has kept its traditional ambience and atmosphere but of course updated to modern luxury standards. our deluxe garden room was a good choice - it was in the original building, overlooked the garden restaurant so it had a nice outlook, was a good size and with an excellent marble bathroom with separate shower.  the indoor swimming pool was a great place to cool off after a day in the heat of paris. we have stayed in many top hotels and always use the hotel restaurants.  in the case of the bristol, the food and drinks were extremely expensive in comparison with other hotels of similar standard.  one disappointment was that we were invited to a welcome drink with the general manager but when we arrived within the invited time it was all closed, perhaps to lack of attendees?  all in all, an excellent hotel to stay in paris.
at the end of a week long anniversary trip to france, we booked a two night stay here. we've been to paris many times but this was our first experience at the bristol. we checked in during a rainstorm, and were covered by three umbrellas as we walked in. knew then that we were in for a treat. we were upgraded to a beautiful room on the top floor, with a terrace overlooking the courtyard and city. the staff knew it was our anniversary and we were given a complimentary bottle of champagne and several treats. we went out for a lovely dinner with friends and returned to find our bed festooned with rose petals and flameless candles in the bathroom when we returned. unfortunately, in the middle of the night my husband became violently ill, likely with food poisoning, as i fell victim also, but several hours later and a bit less sick. the staff here arranged for a doctor from the american hospital to come to the hotel in the morning (by the way, a very reasonable 200 euro charge from him, americans take note). they sent bellhops to get us medication prescribed by the doctor. whatever room service we needed (tea and dry toast etc after around 10 hours or so) was delivered in minutes. i had a spa appointment that i clearly could not keep, cancellation fee waived with no problem. everyone on staff, front desk and concierges, knew we were ill, and went way beyond what we expected to insure we were well attended to. it is always terrible to fall ill when away from home, even worse when in a foreign country. but if this had to happen, we are so thankful we were at the bristol. hope to return soon. the staff here are my heroes!
we stayed at le bristol during for second week of december despite many friends and family members thinking a trip to paris so soon after the shootings was a terrible idea.  quite the contrary, we were determined to support the parisians in their time of need and must say that we were quite glad we went.  besides offering superlative service, le bristol offers many reasons to choose their hotel as your nidus of parisian adventure.  from the moment we stepped out of the taxi, we were perpetually warmly welcomed and made to feel a part of the family.  if you do not speak french, fear not, as everyone in the hotel that we encountered was more than happy to communicate in english; and french as well should you that be your choice.  second, the hotel is splendidly located on the rue faubourg saint honore.  out the hotel's front door is the finest shopping in paris and we were but one block away from the christmas market on the champs elysee.  third, the hotel in on a block that abuts a number of important government buildings; you could not be in a safer location unless you were sleeping under francois hollande's bed.  that is not to say we felt unsafe at any time, but if you insist on peace of mind, le bristol offers it in spades during such uncertain times.  fourth, their restaurant, epicure, is exceptional, and you can comfortably indulge yourself and amble up to your room without a care (our first meal after the long flight was conveniently scheduled at epicure).  fifth, the rooms are large, quite comfortable and extremely quiet.  the only factor i would change is an enlargement of the gym (just two treadmills and two steppers and a weight station).  from my lips to god's ears!  lastly, let me reiterate that the staff is so exceptional and determined to make your stay magnificent, you will feel pampered your entire stay.  one last tidbit, my wife wrote eighty christmas cards and the le bristol kindly covered all the postage with aplomb.  kudos for your kindness and vive la france, vive paris, et vive le bristol and its very thoughful staff.
i wasn't happy checking in at the bristol. they told me my room wouldn't be ready early as i had been led to believe because the paris fashion week was going on. we were tired after travelling all night from the states and just wanted a room with a bed, a shower and a way to relax. sitting in the lobby waiting for a room to be available wasn't exactly what we wanted or expected from the bristol. after that slow start the bristol started to show the reason they are considered the best hotel in paris. they upgraded our room to a beautiful space with a full balcony overlooking the courtyard. then they brought us up transformers for our electronics that we forgot to bring at no charge. i have a bad back and forgot to use the proper plug and blew the heater up. they offered to run to a store to get a replacement but i said no because i'd then own a heater with european plugs when i returned to the states. they suggested an old fashion water bottle and brought me up two filled with piping hot water. it was better than the old heating pad and my back actually felt better than it had in months! dining is sublime at the bristol, the cleaning crew does a super job keeping everything straight and clean and even the house cat stopped in one morning to say hello to us. the hotel is centrally located in the middle of the shopping districts and just a short walk in either directions takes you to the champs elysses or the high end shopping with such stores as hermes, cartier and burberry. the president's home is less than two blocks away as well. there are tons of hotels in paris you can stay in but the bristol should be the first call in my opinion.
i was travelling alone, but felt at home the minute i walked in the door. the front desk staff was amazing, and the concierge's were over the top! my prestige room was amazing, with two bathrooms, one with a shower and one with a tub, i used both! i stayed for three nights, but wish i stayed longer. i have never had such great service in a hotel, everyone that works here is amazing. the art in the hotel is incredible, i spent some time walking around admiring it. the courtyard is a beautiful place to relax in the middle of this beautiful city. the hotel is spotless, nothing is out of place. the food is amazing and the wait staff so professional. the dishes and linens are beautiful. they are sticklers for details and don't miss a thing. my prestige room was so beautiful and spacious and the bed was very comfortable. the location for shopping and sightseeing couldn't be better, it's in the middle of everything, terrific location.coming back from my jog, i was presented (on a silver tray) water and towels. this made me jog everyday! i loved it. i had dinner at 114, omg. the artichoke soup with fois gras was the best soup i ever had, the sole was cooked to perfection and the carmel dessert was a masterpiece and taste sensation. i loved every bite.i can't wait to stay at this hotel again. i loved it.
let’s see, i saw anna wintour, a lot of models, rihanna, men wearing skirts & platform shoes…yes, it was fashion week, but the bristol still managed to make normal people like me feel, well, normal. except that 2 coffees were 25 euro and a piece of broiled sole was 73 euro (and truly delicious). but look, it’s one of the finest hotels in paris, so what do you expect? i saw several different rooms – it’s funny how a 5-star hotel can have not-fancy interiors and feel charming. you’re paying for top-notch service that’s not offensive, a great location, a swimming pool that’s out of this world, great concierges….and 2 cats. feels like home. well, a fancy home. ask for a room with a garden view.
what makes one five star hotel better than another? to me the answer is the staff and the staff at the bristol are wonderful. i really felt they were prepared to go the extra mile, especially when i had one or two problems (nothing to do with the hotel) with which they were so helpful.my only niggle with the hotel is the wi-fi. i really think that these days to charge 24 euros per day is out of order. i do not mind paying five-star rates for five star service, but when it comes down to it wi-fi is only wi-fi. that said, i will be back there as soon as i can.
i was here recently to check out the property and was very impressed with the hotel in many ways.  service was great, the lobby had a warm and welcoming fee.  the room was classic and beautiful. i loved nice marble bathroom. breakfast was amazing as was the service.  the concierge staff was knowledgeable and very helpful.overall, it was a great hotel and one that i would highly recommend.
we stayed here for only one night for leaders club rewards free night and the experience was absolutely stunning! they made us feel very special from beginning to end and we also had a christmas tree in the junior suite  (upgraded) a bottle of sancerre and a gift from the general manager! hotel quiet and elegant in every corner! really really satisfied! we'll come back!
"my stay was not worth the $1,500/night price.  maybe for first time visitors to paris it is a safe option, but the service and standards were not the best.  many minor problems disrupted my stay.  first, after being confirmed an early check-in, we were kept waiting until after 4 pm.  we had another guest's cleaning delivered to us, a one hour wait and two calls for a bottle of water and some ice.  the maid knocked on the door and entered the room at 8:00 am on the sunday we were departing.  we were served cold oatmeal and when we challenged it the response was ""oh, you didn't want it cold?""  and while the prices are clearly posted, can anyone justify charging $10 for a small bottle of water in the minibar?  i won't be back.  there are many better and better value places to stay in paris."
loved this place good quality great prices and food locket staff was so impressed will be returning soon very impressed good location also and the bathroom in my room was amazing loads of hot water breakfast good qualityloved this place good quality great prices and food locket staff was so impressed will be returning soon very impressed.the staff is outstanding and truly care about your needs and what would make the visit perfect!!!!!!
this hotel deserves all its outstanding reviews and even more accolades. from the moment we arrived early from the u.s., as our room was not ready at 8 am, they gave us a temporary room so we were able to nap and shower. anna at the front desk was most accommodating and everyone at the hotel is wonderful. the suite we had was spacious, great bathroom and fresh flowers daily in our room. this is the only place to stay in paris and well worth the cost. truly 5 star.
"my wife and i have stayed in paris many times. this past week, she celebrated her 35th birthday. although we have stayed at other 5-star properties in paris including the ritz, mandarin oriental, and the george v, we decided to try le bristol as we had heard rave reviews from many friends and family. the first impression i got from the hotel was working with the concierge team. they went above and beyond to sort out all of our reservation requests. given our stay was right in the middle of fashion week, i thought some reservations may be tricky to obtain - apparently not for them - we got every reservation we requested as well as making numerous changes during our stay. job extremely well done in my opinion. we arrived from london via eurostar to the hotel prior to lunch. as soon as we arrived we were greeted by 4 or 5 people by name - which i find to be extremely nice. upon check in, we left our baggage with the bellmen. when we returned from lunch we were taken to our room. to our pleasant surprise, we received a several category upgrade to the terrace suite which was a very nice room, 2 living rooms and a beautiful terrace overlooking the courtyard. in the room, the hotel had gone to the trouble to have a beautiful birthday cake and bottle of champagne in the room as a gift to my wife. everything within the room was perfect from the bedding, the bathrooms and overall accommodations. during our stay we took advantage of use of the spa which is beautiful as well as the indoor swimming pool with a view of the eiffel tower. downstairs in the lobby, they have a fairly new bar which is young and hip - serving the best cocktails in town. we learned that each barman had won award after award! we were so impressed with the overall quality and service that le bristol provided. every single staff member in the hotel goes above and beyond to make you feel like you are special and at ""home"" in their hotel. we will be absolutely delighted to return to le bristol each and every time we travel to paris! thank you, thank you to everyone who made my wife's birthday trip an incredible experience! all our best. o and l"
"my 6th time to paris. i am glad that i picked bristol this time.  we were greeted by a pretty lady called gabriel who took us to our suite and showed us around the hotel. we were allocated room 618. the suite is big, comfortable and quite. all the staff are nice and always with a smile. no doubt they are all well trained. we asked for shampoo. when the staff arrived and saw we put up the ""do not disturb"" sign, they called the concierge and let the concierge called in our room instead of knocking on our door!  no criticism about its location. stepping out of the hotel and turned right and walked for 10 mins, you will find montaigne and champs élysées, the shopping street right in front of you. if you picked left to do your stroll, you will find saint honore!  keep going , them you find vendome and lourve! so convenient. we tried the two restaurants there. epicure and 114 faubourg. please don't miss these fabulous restaurants. the food is so yum!!!!oh ! one thing i shouldn't and can't miss. if you stay there, please say ""hello"" to cleopatra, the ""furry"" resident of bristol. she is so cute and makes everyone happy!!!!bristol is beyond expectations! when we left and another pretty lady yu asked if we will be back, without hesitation, we said ""yes!""  yu and her colleague walked us to the door and saw us off. i said to my friend "" how can we not stay at this hotel next time we come? this hotel really makes you feel like home!""i highly recommend to people going to paris. stay there. no regret. worth every penny. thumbs up!"
i stayed at the hotel le bristol from monday 25th november 2013 to thursday 28th november 2013.our first impressions, as my partner and i arrived at the hotel, were that it was very clean and well presented. there were people at the entrance to greet you and take your suitcases, and we were made to feel very welcome by them and the receptionist.the room we’d paid for was €733 per night and we discovered we’d been given a free upgrade because we’d booked through grandluxuryhotels.com, so we actually stayed in a room priced at €1800 per night. the space was smaller than i was expecting for a room of that price but it was still a decent size. there was a king sized bed, along with a desk, side tables, numerous lamps, two chairs, a chaise longue, a large wardrobe, a walk in closet and a television. i was disappointed to discover that the television only had about five english channels and one of those didn’t work. the only channels they offered which i actually watched were bbc1 and itv2. i was shocked because i assumed if someone is paying that much money for a room you would be provided with the full freeview package at least.i also discovered we had to pay €24 per day to use the wi-fi which i thought was ridiculous. we were already paying €733 per night so i assumed the hotel would provide wi-fi for free.there was a mini-bar in the room with various alcoholic and non-alcohol drinks, and there were snacks in a drawer. i was shocked to discover how expensive the items were – €12 per bottle of water or coke, €12 for a small box of pringles, €10 for a chocolate bar, to name a few. there wasn't an area to make your own hot drinks which was a disappointment because i didn't want to have to phone for room service every time i wanted a drink, especially with there being a £3.50 surcharge whenever somebody brought something to your room.there was a separate bathroom with a medium sized shower, a large bath a two wash basins. the hotel provided us with dressing gowns, towels, flannels, body lotion, soap, shampoo, conditioner, shower hat and nail file. my only negative comment i would say is that housekeeping gave brand new items every day, even if they had barely been used, which i found quite wasteful – but i supposed others would want fresh products every day. i found the reception staff very accommodating when i realised i’d forgotten the adapter for my hair straighteners as they sent one to my room immediately.my partner and i decided to dine in our room for dinner. we chose our food by telephoning down to the reception and were told our food would arrive in the next 30 minutes. it arrived in plenty of time and was presented on a trolley, complete with tablecloth, which was wheeled into the room and acted as our dining table. the waiter organised our chairs and ensured we were happy before he left the room. the food was delicious and the portions were very generous but it was very expensive – nearly £140 for steak and chips with green beans; a prawn stir fry with rice; and a bottle of wine.my partner and i were entitled to a free american breakfast during our stay and had to fill out a menu of our requirements and hang it on the door the previous night so it could be collected. the breakfast consisted of poached eggs on tiny circular pieces of toast, a selection of pastries and rolls, toast with seven different flavours of preserves, a pot of diced fresh fruit salad, fresh orange juice and a hot drink of your choice. the breakfast arrived on time, again on the table clothed trolley, and we were delighted with the amount of food on offer and if we’d had to have paid for it we would have thought it was worth the money.that evening we went out to a restaurant called ledoyen and on our way back we went into the hotel bar for some cocktails. a gentleman met us at the door and took our coats before directing us to a table. we were given a free cocktail whilst we decided what we wanted which i thought was very nice. the bar staff were very friendly and were very knowledgeable in the different cocktails on offer. i glanced through the cocktail menu and couldn't find anything i liked so the waiter made me a cocktail of my choice. i asked for anything with passion fruit and he concocted it within minutes. it tasted fabulous. my partner had a limited edition cocktail, followed by a whisky based drink and i asked for a strawberry cocktail to be created for me. the cocktails were so nice that we came down the next night for more. they were very expensive but we didn't mind because the drinks were so lovely. we also treated ourselves to some bar snacks but regretted it after we saw the portion size – 4 king prawns for €16!my partner and i spent a lot of time outside the hotel, sight-seeing and shopping. we would have spent more time in the hotel but it was so expensive we couldn't afford it. we did however treat ourselves to a spa experience. we booked the midnight in paris experience which lasted 4 hours and cost €750. it included a duo spa suite with private steam room and whirlpool; two relaxing foot treatments; two aromatherapy made-to-measure massages; two facials; and champagne and canapés on your own private terrace. we thoroughly enjoyed the experience and we’re glad we did it, but again it was much too expensive for what we actually experienced. i've been to many spas before and experienced the same treatments for a quarter of that price.  for dinner the second night my partner and i ordered steak and chips; and steak tartar with onion rings. the food was lovely, but again much too expensive. i understand that paris is a very expensive country and hotels are always going to charge more for food and services anyway but it was still a surprise.when we went to check out i was shocked to discover that the room service bill was just over £900! i honestly didn't think we had spent that much money, especially when we hadn't taken anything from the mini bar. along with the room bill the total came to about €3100 for the three night’s stay.personally i would not recommend hotel le bristol to any of my family or friends because i know they wouldn't be able to afford it. i could not fault the building or the staff; the environment was lovely and the staff were extremely friendly and accommodating. it was an experience but a ridiculously expensive experience and i wouldn't return as i don’t think it was worth the money.
"the moment i entered the hotel, i was awe-struck. i felt nothing less than a royalty. right from check-in to check-out, everyone made sure that we were pampered to the best. everyone at the reception knew me by my name and i was amazingly surprised. i have never experienced such personal touch before. the hotel staff - polite,helpful, efficient and so friendly. the concierge staff was the best - suggesting us things ""definitely to do"" and things ""maybe next time"". so that we don't miss out the basic essence of paris.my husband's microsoft outlook won't work. and bam! in 5 mins, theres an it guy ringing the bell. well, most travellers say they provide fat service, my word for it - lightening speed.the rooms were beautiful with lovely views of either garden or the bustling street. the food was to die for. the breakfast was yum!! please do try their restuarents she you are there!! and to top it all, its at such a lovely location!! thank you le bristol for the parisian vacation i have always dreamt of! :)"
"my son and i spent six glorious nights at le bristol in early december and although the weather was decididly chilly the warmth of the staff made our visit to paris very special.the restaurants and bars are so comfortable to relax in and enjoy your breakfast and dinners and staffed by such warm and genuine people.our room overlooked the internal garden courtyard which is beautifully maintained and bathed in sunshine during the day and well lit in the evenings.our initial welcome to the hotel was by jean-marie (guest relations manager) who is such a warm person who was only interested in making our visit enjoyable and comfortable.during our stay at le bristol we found that all the staff have the same objective!each morning at breakfast we were greeted warmly by olivier who had the skills to make a simple meal into a presentation.we snacked at le jardin francais and the bar on a regular basis and the quality of service, food and beverages was very good.we dined twice at 114 faubourg restaurant which has excellent food and an extensive wine list. we were impressed with the warm service from audrey on both of our visits and also by the manager who we noticed made a single lady diner feel very comfortable with his attentiveness.our requests for museum and tgv tickets were handled effortlessly by the concierge staff with either jasmine or jean-marie in close proximity!we cannot close our review without mention of the two ladies who ""managed"" our room. their attention to detail and to our service was very kind and much appreciated.we are so pleased that we have experienced le bristol's warm hospitality and we will return when we visit paris again."
my husband and i were lucky enough to win a 2 night stay in this hotel.  it was beyond our expectations with staff going out of their way to ensure our every need was met.  an amazing location but still providing a tranquil break from the main city with its extensive grounds.  beautiful food and cocktails (or champagne if the mood takes you).  the best way we could have hoped to spend our 1 year anniversary.  now we just need to hatch a plan on how we can ever afford to stay here again.
i loved my time at the hotel le bristol, this service was fantastic and the staff were incredibly friendly i cannot recommend this place highly enough to anyone who has the lucky opportunity to visit when they are in paris. everything about it was a real treat, i even enjoyed the food! it deserves its fantastic reputation and i would definitely go again.
it could my home away from home...but it is kind of sloppy. this summer @ the reception they misplaced my luggage for a couple of hours, they could not find it. it was a mess since i had a very important dinner and my wife, kids and i had to get dressed.on many occasions i need to ask les femmes de chambre to bring amenities such as soap and extra towels. it may take a few days before they get it.the concierges are not to friendly with the guest. when you ask them to make a reservation at the bar or a restaurant you will more efficient if you do it yourself.at the room service, it is difficult to get a simple breakfast order delivered. i ask for a low fat yoghurt, you will get a regular yoghurt. you ask for espresso coffee you will get perculated... the sweetbread basket is quite are meager.on the other hand the fruit basket, sweets freshly delivered every evening are a treat.can do better for a palace
my daughter and i stayed here in mid august.we had a corner junior suite with interconnecting bedroom on the second floor of the residence wing, overlooking the hotel gardens. not overly big but superb in every way, immaculate presentation and glorious bathroom. extremely comfortable beds and furniture.the service everywhere was outstanding, the staff were attentive and friendly and seemed to know all the guest's name. le bristol is one of those wonderful hotels that doesn't ask you to sign bills if you don't want to. you just leave the table and everything gets done correctly.you have a real key which you hand to the concierge as you go out and as a result chat about where you are going. they were amazingly helpful and made suggestions and then got us reservations for restaurants and experiences that were exactly what we wanted.the gardens in the centre of the hotel are magnificent, so peaceful and quiet, breakfast served outside is lovely as are pre-dinner drinks, as is afternoon tea! in fact you could just spend all day there and be perfectly happy.the 3* epicure restaurant is delightful and definitely worth trying at least once. the service is again exquisite and highly geared towards your pleasure and entertainment.overall i could not fault anything. yes a bigger pool and sauna would perhaps be nice but it is the centre of paris, you don't go to sit by the pool!!!!my feeling was that everybody really wanted you to be extremely well looked after and happy, not once did i come across any member of staff who was not warm and friendly and willing to do much more than just their own job.it is rather hard on the wallet but so is anywhere else of this quality and it is paris. my teenage daughter, who has stayed in a lot of nice places with us all over the world, declared it was her favourite and 'paradise'...which is a lot different from the usual brief teenage grunts about most subjects!if i lived in paris, i would not bother with an apartment, i would live at le bristol.
the elegance , sumptuousness and luxury of the room was a perfect match to the staff's consummate service.  there was name recognition from all levels and throughout the hotel with genuine helpfulness from everyone.  was very fortunate to have dinner in the hotel's 2-michelin star dining room and this was an indescribable culinary experience.  this hotel is a solid 5-star!
le bristol lived up to its billing. the accommodations were refined, comfortable and beautiful. the staff were professional, warm, very helpful. room service was always something special to behold and partake of. we highly recommend a room that faces the courtyard and has a balcony. it just enhances the experience.
sorry about the heading i couldn't resist! this is one of the paris greats alongside plaza athenee, le meurice, george v, the ritz and a handful of others. in a very central but slightly off the beaten track location, high end residential, le bristol is a bliss luxury haven amidst the hustle and bustle of paris. rooms, bar, restaurant, penthouse pool, all magic.
my daughter and i recently visited and have never been treated better, ever! the staff remembered us each day and small details about us. when my daughter mentioned wanting a donut though none were available, our waiter asked the chef to make some fresh for her. those donuts were sinfully good. and the french toast! not to mention the amazing food served at tea time. truly the best food and service on the planet. excellent spa - with all la prairie products and kids club which my daughter enjoyed. very close to great shopping. my favorite hotel in the world.
hotel le bristol is a remarkable property.  in paris, i have stayed at the crillon (not my favorite) and the ritz (loved).  the ritz is closed for renovations so i came to trip advisor to look for a nice place to stay for a mother - daughter luxe long weekend.  i read the reviews on le bristol and i was impressed with leah marshall's diligent responses to each post.  i was also quite enchanted with the pictures of fa-raon. i booked our room.we arrived and the hotel was full because it was fashion week.  it never seemed crowded but the staff did look busy.  they remained friendly and calm and everything was very smooth.the brasserie restaurant was fantastic.  delicious food.  the breakfast is fabulous and the room overlooking the garden is enchanting. the breakfast service was outstanding and the timing was perfect.  they seemed to always be there to refill water and coffee.i tried the venik treatment at the spa - it is a combo steam, scrub, treatment with branches and then massage.  it was quite unusual and very relaxing.  i highly recommend for spa experts!  i had my hair done at the salon - fabulous!we swam in the pool and sat on the terrace - special!the concierge staff is excellent and informs and tries to fulfill your every wish.  we obtained tickets to a sold out ballet - thank you!we enjoyed the garden restaurant outdoors and indoors with lovely piano.  my serving of smoked salmon was superb.our room was lovely and felt very french.  the bathroom - large and well appointed.on our last night, my daughter hit her head in the bathroom shower and there was quite a lot of blood.  i called down to see if there was a doctor on call.  jasmine schoulz (assistant manager) and the head of security came swiftly to our room.  although everything seemed ok, they called for the fire department to come look and we did end up going to the hospital.  when we returned they came running out to make sure my daughter was okay.  i was really impressed with jasmine and the man from security.  they were professional and also warm and calming.  we felt very cared for! many thanks again!!!after our last breakfast, i looked in the corner and there was fa-raon!  i had been searching for him and had almost given up.  he is so beautiful and lovely!i recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a  truly special experience.  oh yes...we did see a few celebrities (i will remain discreet).we can't wait to come back!
amazing rooms, friendly and smiling staff and super service from arrival to check out. fresh water, fruit and flowers in our room daily, nice turndown service and helpful concierge to recommend restaurants. the only sad part was that the beautiful garden was closed due to rain and cold weather.
we stayed at le bristol for two nights. it's not the cheapest hotel in the world by any means, but it is fantastic and you get what you pay for. the rooms are luxurious. the pool on the roof has amazing views and is decked out like a sailing ship.anything ordered to the room is incredibly expensive, but for a treat it is worth it.
le bristol is quite simply an exceptional hotel. the location on the rue faubourg saint honore is great, and the building (in fact three buildings) is very beautiful, with a magnificent array of rooms and suites, all beautifully furnished under the personal supervision of madame oetker. the hotel is blessed with two world class restaurants, delightful public areas and a stunning courtyard garden. however, what sets this hotel apart is its wonderful staff. you truly feel that you have been welcomed into a very special private home, where nothing is too much trouble.we were allocated a very beautiful suite on the 8th floor, with lovely views of the rooftops of paris. the suite is quite simply breathtaking with 4 balconies, an enormous salon, and a quite amazing bathroom - we felt very pampered and privileged from the moment we arrived to the second we left.the hotel is constantly refurbishing its rooms but also has a very comprehensive maintenance programme, so all rooms are of the highest quality, which cannot be said of other top parisian hotels.we were fortunate enough to dine at 114 faubourg twice during our stay, and the food and service were both excellent. we also had breakfast in restaurant epicure, which was a truly delightful experience, with quite exceptional service - other 'palace' hotels could take a leaf or two out of le bristol's book.the management team is led by world class hotel monsieur le calvez, who was formerly at the george v, and has truly made his mark on this very special property. the hotel's general manager, is madame marshall, who is conspicuous by her presence - madame marshall is an exceptional hotelier, with a very keen eye for detail and a passion for her profession, which is very clearly shared by the entire team.there are so many special qualities of this hotel, but the outstanding quality is its staff, and to say one is treated like royalty, is to do a disservice to the staff, who treat you as you, and genuinely enjoy spending time with you and getting to know you.perhaps not everyone will be able to afford to stay at the magnificent parisian palace, but i would urge you to save up your pennies, and treat yourself to the last great parisian hotel.thank-you hotel le bristol for a wonderful experience which will stay with us for many years to come.
we stumbled upon this hotel after having an awful experience in the 6th arr. in saint germain where our other hotel (hotel dauphine) stole money from our rooms! it was a savior to an awful start of the trip. this hotel is in a great location, close to vendome. the rooms were really nice and the concerige was extremely helpful. i will definatly stay here next time im in paris! this hotel is #1 in paris, and it is rightfully so....i think it just had a major renovation so it was very luxurious while keeping its old world charms.
"of all the cities in europe, paris probably has the greatest concentration of historic ""palace"" (the style rather than the grading) hotels each with their own distinctive characteristics. on a similar note, parisian hotels are infamous for their attitude.  as a previous (very happy) guest of oeteker collection properties i had high expectations for what must surely be their flagship city property. the doorman and front desk staff provided the perfect welcome, and as housekeeping were unable to advise when my room would be ready i was offered a drink in the lobby bar whilst this information was ascertained; textbook professionalism.  the room itself was very spacious with tones of creams and muted oranges and lots of toille fabric. the bathroom was spacious and bright in off white marble. i was forunate enough to have two terraces one facing to the north of the city and the other to the south; the dual aspect as well as the outside space really made the room special. the view over paris in either direction was marvellous and when the sun was shining it felt really special to be up amongst the rooftops. in fact the whole property - in stark contrast to other palace hotels - was light and airy and it really reminded me of hotel du cap/eden-roc which is under the same ownership. this light style was also reflected in the service which was extremely attentive yet relaxed at the same time, there was none of the stuffiness or attitude that one used to sometimes experience at the ritz. the delightful rooftop swimming pool is another area where you can almost forget that you're in the heart of paris and can drift away to another world. it really was a pleasure being a guest at the hotel, and almost had the feeling of being at a resort rather than a capital city. i did not have a chance to dine at the 3 star restaurant, but did experience breakfast there. breakfast was a busy service and there was somewhat of an overflow into the lobby restaurant, but i suppose that this is unavoidable. luckily i had taken the advice to book so encountered no such issues. as one would expect, all of the breakfast items were beautifully presented and perfectly prepared. the service was good, althought i did have to ask for my knife - sticky with jam - to be replaced when the savoury course was served; a minor point, but at this level, attention to detail is paramount. the only other food that i sampled was some ""comfort food"" from room service. again, it was very well prepared, excellent quality and elegantly served; two choices of cheese to sprinkle over my pasta were already on the table!  there were a couple of very minor details that i felt could have been improved, but to go to the effort of listing them here really would be nitpicking. all in all i had a wonderfully relaxing stay, and felt really refreshed by the relaxed ambience; i am certainly looking forward to staying here again next time i'm in paris!"
"when you are at the top of the class the things that may cause you to fall deep in your customers regard may be very small. unfair? maybe. but that is the name of the game in the high end service business; whether it be hotels or anything else. that was what happened the first time we stayed at the bristol. small things that annoyed our enjoyment came to overshadow the fact, that the hotel may have delivered on 90%+ of expectations.coming back, expectations were high. we arrived on the back of a dialogue with the hotel about some of the grievances that we listed on this site. the dialogue was open and forthcoming, even if we may never agree on all issues. but that is not the point. the point is that by engaging with your customers in a forthright manner you may be understood and sometimes even ""forgiven"".we stayed two nights in a junior suite (i recommend room 738 to everyone using that category of rooms) and simply enjoyed every moment.in part it was due to some of the changes made, especially the introduction of the bar as an add on to the coffee/tee lounge. the bar really works well, not an easy accomplishment in an establishment such as the bristol. if you're not staying, do go there when the dj is playing for pre dinner drinks. great surroundings, great atmosphere.but the true nature of the greatness rests on three things in our view:1. the bristol is the only hotel that really that exudes the greatness of paris. it is this greatness that keeps many of us coming back - even if we know that it may actually be hard to find in paris at times. as hotels go, i believe this may be one of the few places to go for that rare sentiment of being in the middle of a place that truly reflects the fascination of the city you're visiting.2. at the same time it is also distinctly modern. the staff is of course courteous and helpful. but also warm, personal and attentive in the way that shows you that the person in front of you invests time in making sure you feel relaxed and comfortable. the attention we received, especially from jean-marie burlet was nothing less than extraordinary.  3. the surroundings are truly amazing. you can almost feel the grandeur and the warmth of the place when you walk around the corner at the elysee and see the bright walls, the overhangs and the lights outside. and the light and the flowers in the spacious reception and lounge area feel so welcoming.after a bumpy start, we are hooked. we already look forward to coming back again"
"whilst it pains me to give this beloved hotel a very good rating, it was nearly an average. our experience varied between the two if you were to look at the sum of all the parts and the cost. i have given it some leniency however as it was fashion week and they were flat out with a full house. we love le bristol like an old friend and were very excited to go back a year later. although the rooms and staff were lovely there was something missing. the little touches that had made it feel like home. we left wondering, ""what has happened to our old friend?"". we were given a wonderful suite that was just glorious. i could have happily have lived there.it was the smaller things that bothered us. the hermes tolieteries were replaced by far and few between la prairie ones. the gorgeous green pens and pencils were missing. the breakfast in rue de faubourg that was mouthwateringly fresh was replaced by one that was at times literally inedible (an incident with eggs hollandaise) in the new breakfast room. it had some how lost some of the details that made it special. the feeling that you were in a home away from home. i think management has changed. we noticed that there was less of the greetings by name. less of the service we had seen the year before. less of the small things like icing dusted rabbit cookies for the children and aprons and t-shirts for them on arrival. the stuffed rabbit was still there for them but overall, there was something missing, some of the finesse, the joi de vivre, the intimacy that had made it so special before. we felt like we were treasured friends coming back the first time we visited. the second time- guests. it was that simple. we were also appalled that all the prices for things like coffee and tea and breakfasts had gone up a lot. we thought that this was not necessary, as it inhibited the enjoyment of what was an obviously full hotel, so could not be doing badly. it felt as if, as a captive guest, they could charge as they wished and if you could not afford a $30 cup of tea- too bad. we were also not able to avail ourselves of the new bar, despite being invited to enjoy it on arrival, when we went down in the evening it had obviously been rented out for a private function which was a bit disappointing as we were only guests for one night before flying home. on the plus side, our room was beautiful, a suite that was huge by french standards. the view onto the garden courtyard was sublime as were all the furnishings. everything is well maintained and very clean. the people watching in the bar is the best i have ever experienced- people you usually only see in the social pages of tatler or vogue uk. on the downside, we had to wait a long time for our baggage to be taken downstairs (travelling with children we had a lot) and the concierge had again (this price gouging) ordered a private van to take us to the airport at close to $300 when we had specifically asked for a taxi wagon that would be half the price to be ordered the night before, and specified the time. this meant we were stressed as we did not have a car, the bags were not collected in a timely fashion and my husband had to argue that we had not in fact ordered the private car that was added to the final bill all whilst trying not to miss our flight and find the taxi that we had initially ordered."
"i returned to paris after visiting six months ago, and, despite my normal inclination to try a new place, opted for the bristol again.  this visit, my second, surpassed my first and has firmly established the bristol as my ""go-to"" place in paris.my friend and i arrived by cab, and, to our amazement, the doormen greeted us by name and even noted our different last names (how did they know?!).  from there, we received a warm welcome from leah marshall (hotel manager) and jean-marie (guest relations manager).   waleed, who is friendly yet professional, took us to our stunningly beautiful suite, complete with a balcony looking onto the rue saint-honoré.the room lived up to the images of perfection shown in ""midnight in paris"" - immaculate and exquisitely decorated in a classic, understated fashion. (no gap between reality and expectations here!)  we appreciated the extra space afforded by the sitting area, as well as the complementary fruit provided by the bristol.   and the view from the room couldn't have been bettered as the holiday decorations on the street were some of the most beautiful i've seen.since our last stay, we discovered, much to our delight, that the bristol has created a new bar, ""le bar du bristol.""  like the rest of the hotel, the bar is first rate: it's fashionably decorated with comfortable sofas, high ceilings, and dim lights (in fact, it has a similar quality to the bar at the jane hotel in new york).  the cocktails were, quite simply, spectacular -- innovative, unusual, and responsive to our specific tastes. we also visited the hotel meurice for drinks, and while those were also excellent, i found that the bristol's atmosphere was more welcoming and catered to a more diverse crowd (at the meurice bar i spied only older businessmen, while at the bristol's bar there were couples of varying ages, some family gatherings, as well as a few businessmen).  there seemed to be more of a local ""feel"" to the bristol's bar -- as if knowing parisians regard it as the place to be.over the course of our three days, hélène, sonia, and sebastian at the concierge desk helped us with dinner reservations and gave us much appreciated recommendations.  they kept us up-to-date with what was going on in paris, and were ready with multiple options (and opinions, more importantly) when one plan didn't materialize.  moreover, we were always impressed by the fact that they remembered our names, our likes and dislikes, and even our plans.  the personal attention was impressive as was their genuine commitment to making our stay as enjoyable as possible. no aspect of their service was ever perfunctory but nor was it cloying. the bristol made us feel as if we were at home -- albeit a very grand and privileged one!on this past trip to europe, i stayed at hotels such as the savoy in london, claridges in london, and the meurice in paris, and i can, without hesitation, report that my stay at the bristol stands out from the crowd for its classic elegance and impeccable service.  if you want a supremely comfortable experience, where luxury is presumed as a given and personal attention is second to none, look no further than the bristol."
everything about the bristol is exceptional;location is ideal for business or turismrooms large and comfortable, the bathrooms are unique and you can get nice views over the french garden.amenities are fantastic with top floor swimming pool and gym.finally, the food is just exceptional, from gorgeous continental breakfast to 3* michelin cuisine in unique historical surrounding and top class service.a true palace
we used to live in paris and have decided that le bristol should now be our new home there. it has always been a grande dame, but has improved recently, keeping the feeling of chic history but uplifted by a hip rejuvenation. the pool still has the most agreeable views over paris -you can see the eiffel tower and montmartre-, the spa is bigger and moved to another floor. you have a wider choice of restaurants and the bar is edgy and fun. my husband and i as well as our teenage boy really enjoyed being pampered by everybody from the warm welcome at the reception and concierge to the adorable housekeepers and the maitre nageur. our youngest son fell in love with the new mascotte, a white birman cat -an added entertainment which shows that the management has got it right. perfect for romantic couples, business trips and family gatherings alike...the rooms are beautiful, old fashion comfort with a contemporary twist. amazing bathrooms, with great amenities - nothing smells better than the hermes orange verte soap or the anne semonin verbena shower gel-. our children want to come back really soon as much as we do. thank you to all the team there and yes, do try to stay at le bristol. worth every euros, a true treat !
"le bristol is a most elegant hotel, and the quality of the furnishings and aesthetics are first rate.  the unfortunate truth, however, is that beyond the physical beauty there is not much else to extol.the rooms are exquisitely furnished - not at all flashy or pretentious, but rather subtle and simple. the beds are large and comfortable, and the bathrooms are spacious, well-lit, and have separate areas for the shower, bathtub, and toilet.  the robes are cozy, and the slippers come in different sizes.  the minibar is fully stocked, and the bathroom amenities are fabulous (hermes soap bars and anne semonin shower products).  the tv in the room was modern, and the bristol has ""midnight in paris"" running continuously, which is a fun feature that amused us.  our room was a superior room facing the courtyard, and we stayed for three nights.  we were on a high floor, so our immediate view was of the other rooms across from us, and the small courtyard was far below (and often empty).  the small terrace was great for enjoying the fresh air, and from our room we couldn't hear any noise from outside at all - it felt very private.the pool at the bristol is very relaxing.  the pool area is quiet, spotless, and there are several changing rooms complete with individual showers, bathrobes, slippers, and anne semonin products).  outside of the indoor pool there is a small deck fit with 4 or 5 lounge chairs.  you can't see the streets from there, but you can see rooftops and part of the eiffel tower in the distance.  the chairs have very comfortable thick cushions - you can easily fall right asleep in them!i pre-ordered chocolate covered strawberries and a bottle of champagne for our first night.  the staff delivered delicious strawberries later in the evening while we were out, and the bottle of rose champagne i ordered was on a table being chilled.  the strawberries were fresh, the chocolate decent, and they gave us much more than i expected.  the layout was perfect - everything was set up on a table in the center of our room, complete with plates, silverware, and champagne glasses.  we were welcomed to the hotel with a little surprise in our room when we first arrived, which was lovely as well.while the bristol is gorgeous, to our surprise we were disappointed on several occasions.  firstly, when i spoke with the hotel a few days prior to our arrival, they said that they noted our preference for a street view and a high floor and would make sure we had a great view.  when i arrived, the front desk told us we had a high floor with a courtyard view, as the superior rooms simply do not face the street.  as we booked a superior room, i can't complain about that, however i was unaware of the view situation and arrived assuming we would be facing the street, as i was told, so this was an immediate disappointment.  next, we had an issue with the water pressure and temperature in our room - the water at the sink would suddenly die out, and the temperature oscillated between hot and cold.  we spoke with someone at the front desk about this on our first night, but nothing changed the next day.  we called again to follow up, and the woman we spoke with was unaware of the issue.  we were told someone would come to look at it, but by the third day we still experienced decreasing pressure when we used the sinks, and changing water temperature in the shower.  when we asked the front desk later, they said someone would call us with an update.  no one called while we were in our room, and the problem was never resolved. we were also very disappointed in the doormen, as well as the staff's general lack of knowledge and, sadly, warmth.  even when we were carrying bags, we on almost every occasion opened/pushed the doors ourselves - the doormen were either chatting with each other or with other guests, or they were just not there at all.  additionally, i'd read reviews where people were pleased that they were greeted by name, however my boyfriend and i were never greeted by name.  we were in and out of the hotel quite frequently, and therefore saw the same people at the concierge/key-drop area, however the staff did not remember our names or hotel room number (needed to give us our key).  we were in paris to re-visit our favorite places and enjoy the city, so we had a basic room and ate all of our meals in the city.  i wonder if we would have been treated a bit differently if we were spending more at the hotel.in short, the bristol is a beautiful hotel - the physical plant is outstanding, worthy of 5 stars.  however, many of the employees seem to be content with a barely perfunctory job performance.  there is no warmth, no heart, and one feels very much like just a ship in the night, which of course one is, but this is not a feeling a guest in a 5-star hotel should be left with."
my husband and i went to italy and paris for our honeymoon. my husband chose le bristol and what an amazing decision on his part. with the help of stephanie n, he booked a suite on the sixth floor overlooking the eiffel tower. she helped out tremendously to make our honeymoon perfect. our bathroom had a steam-room which was fabulous.  the staff at this hotel was marvelous and they made us feel very welcomed. valerie was the first face to greet us and show us to our room. she was warm, kind and very helpful. the housekeeping staff keeps the rooms immaculate. they were also very sweet and kind enough to take a picture of my husband and me overlooking the eiffel tower. the place is beautiful and upscale, and their breakfast was delicious. i can't imagine going back to paris and staying elsewhere. i plan to go back every year for my anniversary, and i will be staying at this amazing hotel.
the hotel itself is beautiful, very old-school luxury with elaborate ceilings and statues everywhere. our room (one of the standard ones) was on the spacious size for a 5 star paris hotel.service is great. the concierge cannot do enough for you. we wanted to go to a restaurant with a great view for lunch, and he not only recommended a nice (and not touristy) place, but went into the trouble of persuading the restaurant to take a booking depite them not taking reservations at that time! the hotel restaurant (has several michelin stars) was expensive, but the food was amazing!location is good, just off saint honore, walking distance to place vendome, le louvre etcbut dont stay here if you are on a budget.. pretty pricey..
we love le bristol, arrived laden with baggage where told room not ready but worth waiting for.well they were right...the assistant manager secured us the corner suite in the new wing...beautiful with our own balcony looking towards champs elysee and eifel tower.huge white marble bathroom. the roof top pool has the best view in paris. the food and drinks fantastic. breakfast in the le 114 faubourg to die for and the 3 star michellin epicure deserves every one of its stars.the best shopping in paris is all within walking out the front door of the hotel, hermes, versace, christian laboutin, dior, chanel, lanvin etc.the service and team at le bristol are betond reproach. spacious rooms with beds to die for ,,,nearly non-existant in paris. do yourself a favour and spend at least one night here. inoubliable.
we just returned from hotel le bristol and i cannot say enough good things about how spectacular this hotel was. the entire staff was always warm and friendly. they immediately knew us by name. they upgraded our room which is always a delight and they really went above and beyond our expectations. we were late for dinner one evening and they took us in the hotel mercedes to our restaurant instead of having us wait for a taxi. our trip was very spontaneous and we were there for 8 days and they were able to get us reservations at the most spectacular restaurants including restaurants that book up months in advance. i could not even get a reservation through centurion and they were able to come through. also, we are not cat lovers but fa-roan may be the most beautiful cat i have ever seen. he is the resident cat of the hotel and is really quite famous. also, the guest relations manager jean-marie brulot was absolutely wonderful. he immediately introduced himself to us and would always check in to see how everything was going for us. we adored him. lastly, the hotel is in a spectacular location if you like high-end shopping. i was in heaven at le bristol! we cannot wait to return
very pricy, but got upgraded to the penthouse suite. it was a romantic weekend. great location, delicious bathroom - took too many baths for 2 nights. briskly clean and excellent concierge. will get u anything u ask for. i asked for peonies in march, and i got a really nice bunch. will get u into any restaurant at the very last minute. try to get a deal with breakfast included - worth it.personal touches at a big hotel. they made me feel like a queen from the moment i stepped off my limo. (how did they know who i was? i have never been there before???) oh, btw, do get their hotel music collection cd. very nice parisian mix.
the staff at le bristol were exceptional. the hotel itself manages to feel intimate without being cloistered, handsome without being arrogant and parisian without any pretense. we have stayed in hotels all over the world and we came away amazed at what le bristol manages to achieve. staff are falling over themselves to assist you as you walk in with shopping or bags. there is a high staff-to guest ratio so it feels like a lot of work goes on behind the scenes (you don't see any of it). renovations were still underway whilst we were there contrary to some reviews but they did not affect us too negatively (we were warned about it in the room we selected and the rate was adjusted accordingly i believe).yes, there were hick ups (car sent to pick us up was way too small). when we returned for the second time, our room was not ready. however, the bunnies and aprons and freshly cooked rabbit biscuits on the bed all made up for any of that. there was a language barrier after all. we loved the location, so close to the champs elysee, le louvre and the view from the rooftop pool over to the eiffel tower was incredible. the pool area is small and, contrary to what one reviewer has said about a life guard, i would prefer to watch my own children in the pool and read the paper in privacy as it is not a large space like the four seasons pool in hk for example. we stayed in a junior suite, which did not have a door that separated us from the children so when we returned we upgraded to a two bedroom apartment. we loved the resident cat...so french. he wandered around with housekeeping and the staff showed the children his 'room'! the food for breakfast was incredible, the freshly baked pastry basket was such a treat and room service was as good as anything i ate at alain ducasse's restaurant in plaza athenee- truly, the french onion soup was a highlight! we cannot wait to go back, thank you le bristol for a truly memorable family holiday we all adored.
this is the hotel i always stay at on my reasonably regular trips to paris. it is sublime. i cannot fault it any way - and how rare is that? i am exceedingly hard to please and yet hotel le bristol manages to leave me with a smile on my face every time. mere superlatives cannot do this hotel or its staff justice. helps that it's owned by a german :-)
my wife and i stayed here for one night on the recommendation of friends who were a reliable source of a 5-star hotel recommendation.  they said either the bristol (their first choice) or the crillon (their second choice).  since we would be there for just one night (as a couple traveling from london), we figured we'd splurge and go for the best.  this was definitely it.  the service from the moment you arrive is beyond courteous and every effort is made to make you feel special and at home (if you're lucky enough to be treated this well at home.  the hotel was very recently renovated and woody allen shot his most recent film here (midnight in paris).  the room we were given was a one-category upgrade from what we booked, and it was gorgeous, with genuine antique furniture and classic french charm, but a brand new room, so it was the opposite of old and musty.  the bathroom was white onyx and had two sinks, a tub, and a very spacious shower.  water pressure was great.  one minor gripe is that wi-fi in the room was extra (i think about 20 euro), but this is the kind of hotel where, if you have to ask....breakfast in the oval dining room was cooked to perfection and special requests were taken in stride.  no attitude here, other than to serve at your command.  really, they couldn't have been more courteous and seemingly appreciative of our visit.  the morning we left, i mentioned that we had heard some noise from the room down the hall that was still being renovated.  the manager came out immediately and apologized profusely and wanted to make sure that our sleep had not been disturbed!  they were so wonderful as hosts and the hotel is spectacularly gorgeous in every way, with a prime location just a couple of blocks from the champs elysee.  two final items:  the hotel has an indoor pool which we did not use, but which is heated and is the right size for swimming laps.  also, there are two other bristol hotels in paris (more like 2 or 3-star types, i was told), but make sure your taxi driver knows that you are looking for the one on rue du faubourg saint-honbore.  you won't regret a stay here.
the bristol is surely one of the very best hotels in paris. situated just a stones throw from the presidential palace in the most desireble part of paris, this hotel exudes wealth. the rooms are stunning with eveything you could want from a luxury hotel. the restaurant is a 5 star michelin. you can't get better than that. the food, just out of this world as is the service throughout the entire hotel. you can't go wrong staying  here, have a full wallet !
my husband and i have been to paris a few times; this was our third trip. we have stayed at the ritz (wonderful location and beautiful hotel, but it needs some serious tlc), the george v (amazing in every way, by far the best hotel in paris, but be prepared to empty your savings in order to pay for it) and the bristol. of the three hotels, bristol is the property to which we will return. yes, it is quite pricey, but at the 5 star level it is actually priced on the lower end of the spectrum. the lobby is beautiful, rooms are elegantly appointed and generously sized. concierge was friendly and helpful. breakfast in the garden restaurant is lovely and tranquil. the hotel is located on rue st. honore, which is home to nearly every designer store you can imagine....hermes (flagship store is multi-leveled), lanvin, dior, etc, etc, etc. all major attractions (louvre, tuilleries, champs-elysees, arc de triomphe, etc) are within walking distance. a note about paris...it is the quintessential walking city. please do not take cabs, unless your destination is quite far. paris is a lovely city and best experienced on foot.  overall, the bristol is an elegant luxury hotel that stands out amongst its competitors.
a week-end away in paris for a birthday, everything was just exceptional...from our arrival when cristina  at reception welcomed us and had the kindest attentions for the kids to the departure with jean at concierge looking after us until the last second...the location is perfect with all the art galeries and the most amazing shops around. the service is second to none but more important, the kindness of the staff: they are always ready to go the extra mile to make your stay special...the room was beautiful, the bedding was just divine: i cannot remember the last time we had such a good sleep !the amenities were just the sweetest for the kids who also had an amazing time at the kid's club and let's not forget the macaroons on arrival...to die for. the breakfast was also delicious. unfortunately we did not have the time to enjoy the restaurant. thank you all for such an incredible stay !
overall, i most appreciated the excellent service, beautiful decor and airy room. i found the concierge extremely helpful, and the overall service superb.  there was one strange  issue that came up.  the entrance and walk in closet carpet was soaking wet when i arrived.  that explained why the heat was on approximately 85 degrees in the room.  i unpacked and with limited time to move rooms as the evening of arrival was my only time to visit paris making every minute wasted most costly to me personally.  so i ended up making the best of the bad situation by putting down towels and a robe so i could walk around the room without soaking my feet.  i wonder how the staff could rent a room for over $1000 night where they knew the issue .  they likely cleaned the carpet ahead of my arrival, turned up the heat to max and hoped the carpet would dry--but it did not for the entire stay.  they should never have rented my this room.  i mentioned to the cleaning staff and front room but there wasn't anything they could do but move me.  the mistake that cost me was they should never have assigned this room to me.  they obviously knew the problem as the heat was on 85degrees.  everything else was perfect.  i enjoyed the gym, pool, food etc.  the staff even kindly and speedily put a nespresso in my room on my request.  it's just a shame they assigned me to a room with such a problem.  sometimes guests do not have the time to change rooms......
we stayed at le bristol for three nights over july fourth weekend. location wise- le bristol is ok. walkable within a mile or so of many spots like the louvre and the eiffel tower. the rooms are clean, bathrooms beautiful but room itself is unimpressive other than finishes of course. the hotel itself is old and the walls are thin so don’t stay here if you are a light sleeper. the outside noise is no issue (it is quiet in that respect) but every time a door slams or someone is above you, you can hear it. we had to change rooms. additionally i found it frustrating that they were unable to acquire cabs for us quickly when we needed to leave the hotel. uber was much faster. the concierge i must say was very very helpful, accommodating every request we had. for the room and reputation i wasn’t overly impressed.
the hotel was very good and there is a pleasent say in hotel the services from the hotel is too good and hotel staffs are servicing from the bottom of the heart to the guests....loveable hotel that i like to visit again...
the bristol is an oasis in an otherwise dirty and misanthropic city. after 4 days i reached my limit of ubiquitous smokers on every corner, surly policemen and surlier shopkeepers and still surlier metro employees. everyone smokes on the street. its thoughtless and gross. the french are reflexively rude and oddly arrogant to those with less than perfect french. rather odd given that we americans saved their scrawny necks in ww2, after they capitulated to the nazis in a two weeks. just an overbuilt garrish hugely overpriced city that reeks of cigarettes and vomit. of course the bristol is hugely overpriced too, and id prefer that it was based in london or ny, and there is a slight rip off factor every time you turn around.... how many 18 euro gin and tonics can you drink, but what the f@@@. if life forces you to go to paris, you could do worse than the bristol. thank you.
we booked le bristol having wanted to visit for some time and as we had booked a weekend stay. our visit was to cover two hotels in two days and unfortunately our weekend coincided with the yellow jacket protests in paris. we tried to walk to the bristol amid a police lockdown on the streets and our hotel at the ritz called the bristol to say we were on our way by walking- having navigated streets cut off -we eventually made it to the bristol in one piece!!it was an oasis of calm with all staff ready to make our stay amazing as we could not leave the hotel due to the protests.we just have to say this hotel went above and beyond service excellence as in effect we were hotel bound and what a beautiful hotel to spend our time.on arrival we met the fabulous leah marshall - the hotel manager who warmly greeted us and invited us into the le bar for drinks. i need to say - having visited many hotels at 5 star level world wide - leah marshall is one of the finest and most professional managers who excelled in dealing with a hotel full of guests who were entertained with the skill of making everyone feel welcome and like part of a family! leah was amazing. she ingeniously arranged for a film “midnight in paris “ to be played on a massive screen and drinks and canopies flowed thereafter ! it was fabulous and everyone enjoyed it. leah then arranged for a tour of the kitchens and the wine cellars and a tour of the new bakery whereby the bristol has pioneered a new bread making approach which was amazing. we all saw the epicure chefs too in action. again leah managed to keep all her guests engaged and delighted by this unique experience!! it is a true test of her skills in the face of unexpected circumstances to ensure her guests were given the star treatment.as to the hotel - our room fabulous and again a welcome gift awaited us!! the bathroom huge and of course we ate in epicure the 3 star michelin star restaurant- amazing!!!even though it was december it was nice to sit out in the courtyard sipping a champagne!!!le bristol was a great experience and the mark of this hotel was the exceptional management and all the staff we encountered- the true test of a wonderful hotel!! this hotel sets itself apart by such this amazing manager who made our stay unique!! thank you
this is a truly elegant hotel.  every aspect of our stay, from the genuinely warm welcome we received from charlotte, to the pristine and comfortable room, to the excellent concierge services from maxime and emmanuel, to the charming and efficient dining room staff, was superb. the manager seems to set the tone with her pleasant and upbeat demeanour which is reflected in every department. there are many excellent luxury hotels in paris, but you would have to pry us out of le bristol where understated elegance is taken to the highest level. p.s.  rooms on the courtyard are silent, which is good to know if that’s important to you.
we wanted our family to experience a truly great hotel and staff and leah marshall along with the bristol team surely exceeded our expectations.three beautiful, impeccable connecting rooms were provided overlooking the bristol's beautiful courtyard.the french decor was classic and perfect.breakfast in the dining room overlooking courtyard with fresh baked pastries amazing.we cooled off daily with a swim in the ship themed pool with the rooftop deck overlooking paris, very refreshing. a drink in the bar was truly an experience with drinks made that seemed like you would need an engineering degree to make them.dinner at 114 faubourg was great with perfect service.the bristol team provided a warm welcoming atmosphere with 5 star service!hats off to the team at  le bristol for a great memory for ever! thank you.
"if only i could click 7 stars! the most perfect stay in the most perfect hotel. we celebrated our 25th wedding anniversary and the staff couldn't have been sweeter with classy, elegant surprises throughout the weekend. our room on the 6th floor had a beautiful view of parisian rooftops, was immaculate and spacious, with a bathroom fit for a movie star. so much closet space, such high ceilings and elegant moldings. we started each morning with the elegant and delicious breakfast in epicure and finished each evening with a cocktail in the garden. the concierge couldn't have been more helpful, the wait staff efficient and unobtrusive but also happy to chat about our plans for the day. we saw the famous cat! take a look at the rooftop pool - such a neat design and awesome views of the city. be sure, le bristol is not cheap. but i cannot imagine anyone saying they didn't get their moneys worth! honestly, it was difficult to leave the hotel to explore the city! ps. a few days ago we read that the beckhams celebrated their anniversary at the hotel and had drinks in the garden! i can honestly say we felt treated as well as any celebrity might be treated at le bristol. pss.my family is tired of hearing ""i wish i was at the bristol."""
"it is difficult not to launch into superlatives in describing the staff. yes, the hotel itself is lovely, with one of the best restaurants you'll ever have the pleasure of dining in, and a beautiful garden, glamorous bar, and well-appointed rooms. the gym is also very good. but the staff is the reason for staying here. the concierge can work minor miracles with hard-to-get reservations, the manager of guest relations is a master of making it all look easy when it couldn't possibly be, and the staff makes a point to learn your name. this comes in handy if you have a meeting, which i did, and has the added benefit of making you feel ""at home"". the only one who is truly home is the magnificent fa-raon the cat--and what a cat! i truly loved my stay here, and i am already plotting to return. this time, i'm trying that smoking cauliflower cocktail...."
i tell people it feels like we’re visiting our wonderful friends “the bristols” at their gorgeous villa in the heart of paris! they’re superb staff caterers to our every desire and we are truly amongst friends! let’s face it beautiful hotel suites like these can be found anywhere in the world , it’s how you’re treated that truly defines  the experience. i regret not having 6 stars as an option for le bristol paris!
after trying the georges v, crillon, sofitel faubourg, and intercontinental grand (opera) and prince de galles, now i can say the bristol is the best for these reasons (though all the above are good hotels):my room was extremely comfortable.  on the street side but well insulated and quiet.  soothing blue tones.  firm mattress.  large bathroom with the expected 5 star design (shower and tub, double sink, separate toilet/bidet room)the staff was quick, efficient, and friendly without being overly familiar.  this includes concierge, room service, housekeeping.they have the most amazing indoor rooftop pool.  small but that's ok as it seems never full.  it's designed to remind you of a classic yacht.i didn't eat in the restaurants (they are both michelin star and you commit for a long period) but the bar is cozy, drinks strong, and a interior courtyard, much like the georges v or prince de galles, where cigar smoking is permitted.location is great, very safe central and fashionable area.
the most lovely hotel situated the best place in paris. super service and accommodation. a place i’d go to any time. beautiful decorated and a very homey atmosphere. thank you very much♥️very comfortable beds too and the offers in the hotel are excellent and the food delicious and elegant♥️
"it is two years since we were last at le bristol. it is even better if that is possible. on arrival we were immediately ""chez nous"". the welcome from the voituriers, the reception staff, the concierges and the room staff was really sincere. it goes without saying that in an establishment of this ilk one expects good service but here one has the impression that all the personnel have a huge pride in what they do and how they do it. it happened that we were there on my birthday and when we arrived back on that day there was a chocolate cake on the room. i am sure the date was flagged on the computer but it was nonetheless a very classy touch.it goes to say that the room was immaculate (736) and there were two balconies with flowers in pots. pity the november weather was a little cold for sitting outside!the food in the epicure and the 114(x2) was very very good and worthy of the their three and one michelin stars with impeccable friendly and helpful service. breakfast also was excellent in quality and service- heaven not to have a buffet scramble .okay it is not cheap but value for money it certainly is. cannot recommend it strongly enough. what is there not to like?  we will be back soon."
splurge – you only live once.  how often do you go to paris, anyway?  what’s a few 1000 euros here and there.  le bristol has been a hotel for close to 100 years under only two owners throughout that period, occupying a former palace.  it is gracious and well-appointed, thankfully lacking ostentation.  the service is very attentive, without pretense.  the rooms are ample, a particular benefit in paris where we have frequently found that a room would accommodate us or our luggage, but not both.  the food is excellent, readily distinguishable from almost all hotels.   the pastry chef is of particular note.   unless the visitor takes this standard for granted, i wouldn’t recommend it to a first-time visitor to paris.  the hotel is deserving of a leisurely visit, allowing time to enjoy the surroundings.  although we prefer to stay in the first arrondissement, this location cannot seriously be faulted.  the hotel is rated a “palace” status, above your run-of-the mill 5-star deluxe hotels.  you’ll understand why – that “je ne sais quoi” which elevates excellence to memorable.
in a big city like paris with many good hotels it's nearly impossible to find a property which exceeds and which earns the respect of locals and visitors like le bristol.  named after a traveling earl from the uk (like many others with the same name) this hotel is unique to itself in that it is actually a palace.  the building was originally constructed as a parisian palace and that scale and grandeur shines through everywhere. where le bristol escapes all other hotels is the way it's owners (a wealthy family of german industrialists, with a passion for inn-keeping) run this place with a velvet hand and a singular attention to detail unlike any other hotelier in the world today.  staying here is like a secret handshake in this city, one evolved from the time the french/american resistance based here in the second world war. today the code words and secrets have changed. the hotel is run by a family,  like a family..  guest who appreciate the nuances and absence of other guests are spoiled in the extreme with service like no other.  attention to detail and a clean and spotless finish in every corner are completely unique in paris.  there is really no other choice for the discerning traveler and that includes all major alternatives (if you're so lucky to experience them)  --  you will continue to return here because the bristol is truly kept like no other property in this city.
of the various grand dames hotels that we have stayed at in paris such as george v, le meurice, and plaza athenee, le bristol is likely our favorite. (we have not had a chance to visit the ritz since its renovation and reopening). it is not because le bristol's rooms are more luxuriously furnished or spacious. in fact the decor of george v or plaza athenee are arguably more luxurious. nor was the hospitality we experienced far superior. what sets le bristol apart from the other elite hotels are as follows:1. location. hôtel le bristol has a prime location on rue du faubourg honoré----one of the best shopping streets in the world. enough said! 2. le bar du bristol. this little gem of a bar is helmed by craftsmen that make awesome cocktails. live music in an intimate and tastefully furnished space has made this one of my favorite bars in all of paris.3. a je ne sais quoi... all the hotels are sumptuously adorned with impeccably polished service, but le bristol captures a hint of nostalgia that is reminiscent of some classic bygone era. this is probably the singular quality le bristol possesses that inspires me to return. while all the other hotels are just as exquisite and luxurious, le bristol possesses a nostalgic parisian charm that is unique amongst its peers.
our recent stay at le bristol was exceptional - again- because of not only the remarkable service we received during our five days and four nights, but also the seemingly unfair expectation we had placed on it that our previous experiences would be matched if not surpassed: our memories from prior visits had set the bar quite high.  and just as much as we were anticipating our stay, the staff we had met (and the other members we hadn’t) was, too. they were ready upon our arrival to address our needs and interests, really to facilitate a wonderful vacation. le bristol is a fabulous hotel, to be sure, as you would expect from its 5 star status.  but it is a special place - proportion comes to mind - where people can still feel comfortably at home. from top to bottom the staff values and develops relationships with the guests. you need mention a particular interest only once because staff members make it their business to learn your personal tastes.  somehow they know to provide information and services for you that you did not initially realize you had to have.the staff is consistently personable, knowledgeable and well trained. yet, there are some who simply stand out and deserve mention. olivier (who showed sincere interest in our well-being as well as our determined though halting efforts to communicate in french) made breakfast each morning in the beautiful dining room so delightful and relaxing we didn’t want to leave. jeremie, so warm and engaging, he just had to step out from behind the concierge desk, to better connect, take a personal interest, provide special recommendations and even to hug good bye the night before our departure when he realized he would not be working when we checked out. mathieu, server extraordinaire, who found us in the garden on arrival, and orchestrated a truly memorable and romantic dinner at epicure, from the most gorgeous table to the most decadent dessert, all with an engaging smile and the utmost care. celebrity chef eric, who wasn’t too busy or too important to step out of his 3 michelin starred kitchen, to check on our experience and thank us for dining. the le bar manager -how could her name slip my mind after she catered to all of our cocktail requests. and finally, the stunning dynamo, leah, who is always present, leading her extraordinary team, by the best example.  perhaps the room key symbolizes this very special hotel.  it is an old-fashioned key, traditional and comfortable, and rare, like a key to your home; no electronic card with a magnetic strip for le bristol.  it is silver and shiny and fine; it seems to represent the polish and memorable service you will receive at this remarkable institution in the city of light.  we look forward to our next visit.
my wife and i went to le bristol and spent a week-end. the palace is simply a jewel. the service level was so high and we were quietly pleased. we enjoyed the indoor swimming pool on the 6 floor and our room was facing the nice beautiful garden. i recommend the american breakfast with the room service. once you finish your breakfast there will be no need for a lunch because the breakfast is massive with fresh quality products. in case you have kids they will love the hot cholocate (the best i ever have at breakfast).
i'm a month late in writing this review.  i travel extensively for my job and have had the opportunity to stay at amazing hotels around the world.  i have to say my stay at le bristol is at the top of the list.  the property is amazing...  we stayed in a suite with a beautiful view of the eifel tower (especially beautiful with the lights in the evening).  the room was amazing and the location was also perfect.  my wife and walked to every attraction and restaurant.  i could go on and on about the property and the elegance but i'd rather focus on what i believe makes le bristol such an amazing hotel and experience.  it's the staff and the service that my wife and i received.  it starts with the general manager and it goes throughout every single person we encountered at the property.  each employee was warm and welcoming, remembered my name, remembered my wife's name when she arrived.  we celebrated my wife's birthday while on property and they went out of their way to make it a once in a lifetime experience.  i've stayed at many beautiful and amazing hotels but i have never ever received better or more friendly service than i received at le bristol.  i wish i could name every person i met who works at the property and thank them for their kindness and sincerity in making our stay perfect. my wife also spent an afternoon at the spa and received an amazing massage. i recommend le bristol for both business and pleasure, but especially for a couples getaway, as it is so romantic.  i realize it is not inexpensive choice and there are many options in paris but to me, it was worth every penny and would stay at le bristol on every trip to paris. every part of our stay at le bristol was perfect.
i had the extreme pleasure of staying here last night thanks to a leading hotels award. i travel 6-7 weeks per year and this hotel surpasses any others i've visited. every staff member from the front desk to room service to the bar to housekeeping was polite, efficient and willing to do whatever was required to make my stay enjoyable. i had a deluxe courtyard view room, which was beautiful, comfortable and quiet. i'm not kidding when i say that le bristol is one of the finest hotels in the world. i would return in a heartbeat.
in my travels around the world staying and dining at extraordinary places, i demand the highest level of soft service and this place is a true example which the rest should learn from. one word: amazing• surely this place has a good location in the city of lights. its interiours are so gorgeous your jaw will drop, with so much history. • surely the beautiful restaurant epicure with its 3 star michelin awarded chef is one of the best on the planet.• surely its top awarded bar man could make one extraordinary drink for you.• surely you can have a swim in the pool with its unique views over the rooftops of this romantic city.but, the most important thing for me which stays on my mind (until i return there) is the professional and kind soft service that is offered from each and every single employee who is on your way, such as;bellman, roomservice, front desk, concierge, restaurant waiters (breakfast & lunch), room attendants and so on.if some of them ask you many questions and you are feeling they are curious, its only because they are so professional and wish to give you exactly what you want and to offer what is best for you. special thanks to mr jules (front desk), mr ingo (front desk) and mrs helene (concierge)i can't describe this place more. you just need to experience it.
having had le bristol recommended to us for our honeymoon in 2011, there was only one place that we were going to stay in for my wife's 30th birthday this august. le bristol combines romanticism and complete elegance in the perfect parisian setting. the hotel is everything you would expect from one of the world's leading destinations but its magic feels second to none. you are whisked into a different world from the moment you step over the threshold with breathtaking decor at every turn. the staff coudnt be more friendly and are always desperate to go one step further to make sure everything is perfect. the comfort and cleanliness go without saying for a hotel of this class but given its wonderful furniture, combining antique with modern, this is also an aspect that requires recognition. the swimming pool is on the top floor up among the city's iconic rooftops and is created as though it were on the deck of a ship. this too takes you far away from the busy streets of paris below - only for the eiffel tower or sacre coeur to climb into view as you complete your laps of the pool. a further thought on the staff again because they all appear to take huge pride in working at the hotel and are a real credit to their employers. on both occasions that we've stayed their warmth stuck with us and all the small things they and the hotel do make a very big difference. this is a perfect hotel for any anniversary or special occasion and we plan to revisit at every opportunity. it's luxury is worth the trip alone so even if you are planning on sightseeing or on a business trip this also feels like returning to the most palatial and relaxing accommodation each evening. we also felt bad for not eating out more but the food and restaurants at the hotel are expectional - it truly was a faultless few days and we can't recommend it highly enough.
this was our first stop in europe. this is the hotel which we started our 25th wedding anniversary! the staff went above and beyond. once they realized it was our anniversary they rolled out the red carpet. they were amazing! we had heard about the cats that had lived in the hotel for years. well, it is true. i loved how the staff cared for them. as guests we all knew them by name. the hotel has a lovely courtyard and that was our favorite place to sit and drink our morning coffee. it did rain for the few days we were in paris; however, it didn't matter. people are out each and every day! you must eat in the hotel at least one night. service, food, wine etc... are definitely worth it!
it takes an experienced traveler or a seasoned guest to adequately explain what sets the bristol apart from other hotels in paris.  i've stayed in the 'old' (le meurice, four seasons) and the new (peninsula) and while i am a fan of these competing establishments in other cities, in paris le hotel bristol stands alone.firstly..  it is a stand-alone palace. yet hidden among other hausmanian style buildings in plain view. most palace hotels in europe are awkward or dysfunctional.  imagine for a moment you could go back in time though, and design a perfect palace where everything flowed correctly in modern times as they did in the past. imagine a place where everything from colors to textures to finishes to art just felt correct today..  if time travel had been discovered by an experienced artisan decorator with an appreciation for the past, they both have been employed at the bristol.  it is old, yet perfect and modern and fitting and correct and indulgent and clean and classic and right.  windows line up with corners and comfort meets the hand and the seat and the eye. every nook and cranny is clean.the impeccable nature of the hotel inspires the staff who try harder and bend over backwards to deliver an experience filled with warmth, and passion.  to be served by the staff here is to be served by ghosts of the past in the present. paris has moved onward but the bristol remains better than each visit prior.this hotel was named after lord bristol from the uk who was well known for his wealth and his willingness to expend same in pursuit of great travel experiences. in world war 2 the hotel became home to the french resistance. knowing the secret handshakes of the past have given way to simply knowing the secret handshake that this is the best kept hotel experience in paris.the hotel remains clean and spotless in the extreme and its owners should know there are a group of guests so very gratelful for the passion and attention to detail they show in the way they operate this establishment.paris would not be paris without the bristol on rue du faubourg st honore and those who stay here are fortunate in the extreme to experience it.
friends booked us in le bristol for our honeymoon and i can only say thank you to them as this was a treat never to be forgotten, effortles elegance combined with a stylish and switched on team. from the people who welcome you to the last person to say their goodbyes, you feel at home straight away.and the cocktail bar is something else, ibiza style lounge music combined with voltaire, victor hugo and some revolutionaries who want to make sure that the bourgeoisie lives on. go it's a must !
this was our second stay. in each case the rooms were very spacious (especially forparis) and extremely neat and clean. we liked the way housekeeping was re-arrangingour personal bathroom utensils in a very tasteful manner so that the optic was justright. room-decor and the view over the very peaceful garden were also to our liking.but what really makes the hotel stand out is the excellence of its service. whether lunch at epicure or tea in the jardin,whether breakfast in the room or in the restaurant,service was unobtrusive yet very effective, as was the help from the concierge desk.the management has to be congratulated for this achievement, and it is to be hopedthat they can continue to keep it up.
wow. what an incredible experience. almost like it should a bucket list item. to stay at le bristol in paris. such attention to detail and over the top service. you feel like a king. everyone is on this special team to be excellent and they do it. we went out after being in the room and when we got back the room was perfect again. all the bathroom towels were perfectly aligned. our toiletries perfectly spaced out. the bed turndown service had waters out and my wife nighty folded on the bed. the concierge knows exactly where to send you. super recommendations and paris knowledge. the included breakfast you cannot miss. it's a special meal too. it's expensive but soooo worth every penny that you forget the prices. i see why it's a true landmark. they absolutely deserve it. i will be back for sure!!!
"simply perfect.  expensive, but worth every euro....we never wanted to leave !years ago i had a great job with a major hotel company.... it included staying in any of the top hotels in the world for ""comparison"".  the one that got away was ""le bristol"" , which i finally got to last weekend.it is, simply put, the best hotel experience i have had in 30 years of travellling... everything was outstanding.  the staff were uniformly informed, helpful, and friendly.... not a hint of ""superior"" parisian attitude...just the opposite.  they were proud of their hotel, their jobs, and wanted to do everything possible to make the experience special.  for someone who has worked in hotels, it is like the ""platonic form"" of the perfect hotel.  of particular note, among a bevy of great experiences, were the helpfulness of the concierge staff..... they handled every reques quickly, effectively, and successfully .last but not least, the food.... extraordinary, at every meal.  the 3* michelin ""epicure"" not only lived up to it's billing as a world-class gourmet experience, but was also made truly enjoyable by the staff.  the were professional, but did not take themselves too seriously....they actually injected humour into the service, clearly going out of their way to make every table comfortable with the ""haute cuisine"" experience...not at all the norm in other such restaurants.  this speaks to the overall attitude of the management... they truly want the experience to be the best you have ever had, in every aspect.  and they succeed beyond any reasonable expectation.  bravo !!"
tremendous first class, five star hotel with better service. the hotel was beautifully restored and upgraded to tomorrow's standards. the people that work at the hotel are the real jewels. these people treat you like family and go above and beyond to make your stay special. i look forward to my return to le bristol !
we were in paris for our 25th anniversary. since we landed so early in the morning, not surprisingly, our room wasn't ready. without even asking, the front desk graciously offered to take our bags to a room that was available so that we could shower and change before transferring our things to our room when it was cleaned. that was such a nice gesture after an 8 hour flight!when we returned from sightseeing later in the day, the hotel had champagne and a delicious chocolate cake waiting for us in the room. that night, there were rose petals and candles!the hotel itself is pure perfection. there isn't one detail that has been overlooked. the outdoor courtyard is quiet and elegant. having a glass of wine there in the late afternoon was such a treat! i am also still dreaming about beautiful china, delicious coffee and the croissants at breakfast. the staff went out of their way to be kind and friendly. the concierge was also so helpful in every way. all around, this is a class act that is impossible to beat!
we stayed 2 nights at this fantastic hotel on valentines weekend.it has to be one of the best hotels i have ever stayed in. the staff are all incredibly friendly and goes the extra mile in making sure that everything is fine.we were lucky in getting our room upgraded to a junior suite. the room was perfection as it has a very classy french style. bed was very very comfortable and the bathroom was spotless.location is perfect. 3 minute walk to the metro and around 10 minute walk to champs elysee.i would highly recommend!!
me and my partner were coming back from our trip england to spain and decided to spoil oursleves with this elegand luxurious hotel. very nice stay and service of very high level. the hotel is situated next to most of the sighseeing in paris so it is definately worth a visit. higly recommended.
magnificent hotel , perfectly positioned. wonderful service and the cleanest rooms we have ever experienced. only negative is the breakfast. dining room too small for all guests so booking for breakfast is essential or else you eat in the lounge area , slightly chaotic service.little bit petty on small details and not flexible if want to extend stay. be absolutely sure you understand what their continental breakfast is!  restaurant 114 is probably the best dining experience ever!
from the moment i stepped into hotel,i felt my mood was taking cared graciously and intimately by all the staff i encountered.there ware no a slight dissatisfaction no matter where i was in the room or at restaurant or in the spa....just wonderful!
the staff absolutely made our experience just magical this christmas from housekeeping, wait staff, desk clerk to the bellmen and concierge team.  of course our room and facilities were top notch in every way.  the beautiful roof top pool, absolutely lovely breakfast to the fantastic cocktails in the bar in the evening -- we absolutely enjoyed our stay.  even the extra bed arranged for our daughter was prepared beautifully.  the concierge arranged to have a decorated christmas tree in our room which delighted and surprised our daughter and truly made for a special christmas morning. wonderful experience!
we have just returned from a fantastic visit to hotel bristol where the staff couldn't have been more helpful. helene the concierge managed to get us tickets for the sold out musee de picasso so we saw the wonderful exhibition there. we ate one night at the epicure restaurant which certainly lives up to its 3 michelin star reputation - the replica cocoa pod was extraordinary. mr and mrs shaw
i stayed here on business for a week and it was incredible. this is everything you could dream of from a classic french hotel. grand, sophisticated and welcoming, it is easily one of the top 5 hotels i've ever stayed in. my room was large, clean and comfortable. the food on offer in the hotel is exquisite, from breakfast to dinner. the spa and swimming pool are amazing as well, on the top of the hotel, you can peak out over the parisian rooftops as you take a dip! it is very expensive but if you can find a way, its well worth it.
if you want service, an intimate atmosphere with every amenity and afeeling of warmth not usual in a paris luxury hotel, this is it.on the right bank on the street with every designer store, and eiffel tower views.every room decorated individually by the owner in a more traditional decor and the bathrooms are to die for. there are even 2resident cats to make you feel at home. non-allergic, of course. we dined in the brasserie, which is a michelin starred restaurant andhad a wonderful meal and experience, not stuffy or formal. our waiterwas friendly, not your typical french waiter, but professional.a wonderful experience!
after an amazing first stay i was worried that our second visit wouldn't live up to expectations but i had nothing to worry about as once again hotel le bristol was faultless from start to finish.greated by multiple members of the team upon arrival we received a very warm welcome.  our room was ready and as requested we were given the same room as our previous visit, room 808.  with a huge bathroom, multiple balconies with stunning views over the city, an extremely comfortable bed and a classic french decor, the room really is parisian perfection.the conciege once again were a great help, restaurant reservations were made for us in advance of our stay and directions were provided when requested.  we always received service with a smile and it never felt like anything was too much trouble.all employees really help set this place apart from the competition and are a major factor in us not even considering trying one of the other top 4 or 5 hotels in the city.returning after dinner we had a table reserved at the hotel bar where we spent the evening listening to the cool tunes of the dj, drinking cocktails and enjoying the chilled but sophisticated atmosphere.  hotel location is great, near plenty of designer shops and walking distance from all of the sites.my one disappointment was that once again i didn't get to see the hotel cats!  we did ask and someone even went looking for them but to no avail.  the flowers in the hotel are stunning and we really want to return at xmas to see the christmas decorations which i'm sure will be fabulous so fingers crossed i get to see the furry four legged inhabitants then.thank you leah marshall and your amazing team for another fabulous stay!!
i am not sure what i can add to the already stellar reviews, but i will try. my husband and i had a weekend break at le bristol in early september. this hotel is expertly run by the extremely competent leah marshall, whom we met during our stay. the service in this hotel is faultless. cheerful, helpful and kind staff made every aspect of our visit a pleasant experience. we loved the new bristol bar which was lively and the barmen were wonderfully entertaining. we dined twice at the michelin-starred 114 faubourg and, again, the service and food was faultless. i fell in love with the exquisite truffle dressing and was thrilled, and surprised, when i asked for the recipe and it was emailed to me shortly after our visit. this hotel is a class act in every way.  we are already plotting and planning our next visit.
excellent stay absolutely amazing staff. want to recommend everybody to use the best concierge in the world sonia and her team. amazing job done to make me comfortable by francois xavier for every small thing. fabulous front office team with waleed and julie. i would say luxury at its best. over and above epicure was extra ordinary. best place for indians to discover french culture with indian hospitality
from the moment we were greeted by fabien to our last minutes with kléopatre, the hotel's three-month old kitten, we were treated to the most relaxing and incredible parisian getaway i've ever been on. there was one classic episode where a chambermaid walking down the hallway randomly offered to braid my daughter's hair!rooms are beautiful - all details taken care of, you feel at home. the food is decadent and the service is micro-attentive. traveling with my daughter and mother, we all had different needs and the caring staff recognized that and catered to us as individuals. this is why i've already  recommended beautiful le bristol to family and friends!
le bristol hotel was very beautiful hotel, a big lobby, a garden restaurant, beautiful pool, amazing rooms. i really loved the idea of having 2 cats in the hotel, fa-ron and kléopatre. fa-ron is 3 years old and kleopatre is 3 months. the staff made the hotel amazing, they made me feel welcome. the pool was very beautiful and big and had a big lounge area that was nice. when i came into the room there was a stuffed animal on the bed that i was going to be sleeping on that night, her name was hippolyte. there was also cookies shaped liked cats and some juice as well as a kids menu. the hotel was also very close to many attractions. this was my best experience at hotel. being a kid i think this is a very good hotel, i would recommend this hotel to any parents going with any kids. i love paris!
our family, 6 of us, arrived at le bristol early in the morning after a long trip from hong kong. we booked two rooms with extra bed in each room for the kids. i was worried that our rooms won't be ready for check-in until afternoon and we have to wander around the city the whole morning. it would be quite unbearable for my young kids. it was such a relief when the front desk told me both rooms were ready within 15 minutes. i have been to many 5-star hotels in the world, but le bristol is different. the architecture of the hotel is beautiful, so is the interior, but most important element is the staff, they are friendly and sincere. they greet you with heartful smiles, not those trained ones. the staff, from front desk, concierge, to housekeeping and in-room dining are well trained and professional. when we noticed that one extra bed is a baby cod for my 2 year old and it is too small, it was changed to a single bed within 15 minutes. we ordered room service one night. it was  a total different experience from any other hotel. an elegant dining table was laid out in my room within minutes the staff came in. it's a proper restaurant meal! overall, what a memorable and enjoyable experience. we will for sure come back to le bristol when we are in paris next. two areas for improvements: 1. water pressure from shower is a bit weak 2. wifi is not free
my wife and i travel frequently and usually stay at four seasons when possible as we love the service and the atmosphere.  on this birthday trip for my wife we were recommended to le bristol by some good friends and liked the look and location so went ahead and booked a deluxe room.  from the moment we arrived this property exceeded every expectation (and as a high end hotel in paris we had very high expectations)!  check in was amazing, they upgraded us to a corner executive suite with a awesome balcony and a view of the iron lady of paris.  the courtyard was a great place for cocktails and lunch and we even did a couples massage which was excellent.  the service was beyond amazing.  if you have th bucks to spend, then this is where you want to stay in paris.  we will be back again.
"like many parisian hotels this one seems to be turning more international and less parisian. we stayed here years ago but haven't returned as we continue our quest for our favorite paris hotel.  crillon and plaza athenee, both of which we like, were closed for remodeling so we decided to try le bristol again.  it is a lovely hotel and the common areas have been recently freshened, in fact so recently that the portions of the lobby were still under cover during our  recent visit. our first room was spacious, rather dated and nothing special. construction  noise resulted in a change of rooms; the hotel upgraded us and we upgraded further at our expense in hopes of a fresher room.  we moved to a room in the ""new"" wing, and it was huge, with many big tall windows and a partial view of the eiffel tower, but alas the suite was equally uninspiring; it just felt old. the staff, however, could not have been nicer. the people throughout our stay were very accommodating in attempts to make our stay just right. our daughter was kindly provided a temporary room until hers became ready -- which was a very, very nice touch.  a caution: this room was tiny tiny tiny -- i would not have wanted to stay in it.  on balance, the hospitality was great, but i didn't love the hotel, especially not for the cost.  i don't care for the location, either.  so we'll keep looking for our favorite paris hotel."
i agreed with the top ratings le bristol has here on tripadvisor. dont compare this hotel with your regular five star marriott/hilton. this is five star++. in my travellife only burj al arab has been a bit more luxiourios. the staff is super friendly and the hotelbar is worth going (you get lots of snacks and a small welcomedrink). dont miss the pool on 6th floor (hotel guests only). the hotel has only very few drawbacks. first no internet included. this is just stupid when paying 950 eur/night. even in the hotel lobby there is no free wifi!! we were promised newspapers delivered to the room, but they did not show up any of the two mornings. and i find that the location could be just a bit better. when the luxuryshops close in the evening, not much is going on just outside the hotel. but still i would deffintly reccomend the hotel and i hope to come back soon.
3 night break for my wife and i. such a positive interested warm welcome from the door and reception staff. all staff immaculately dressed and polite, expert at their jobs and keen to help. very elegant but also very friendly. room magnificent with style, very clean with lots of thoughtful touches. sampled the faubourg 114 restaurant which was buzzing but refined. breakfast excellent. cannot fault the location as is between the presidential palace and the champs elysee. the management hold a welcome evening for guests where one can learn the background/history and the raison d'etre of the hotel as well as understand the hotel's aims. it is expensive, but i think to experience this top class hotel luxury is well worth the cost.
spent 2 night at the le bristol. arrived  by eurostar and about 15euro by taxi from gard du nord to the hotel. every single staffs was exceptionally friendly, helpful and professional. both night we had dinner at 114 and food was to die for. huge thank you to marjorie gomez and her team. they make us stay so special.i would definitely come back and recommend this hotel if you looking for the 1st class experience.only 1 little thing, there is no rubbish bin for cotton pad and buds in the male locker room at the pool.
absolutely amazing hotel - out of this world.staff are exceptionally friendly and so helpful. nothing was too much trouble. the rooms are stunning and elegant.  the food at the hotel is also stunning. delicious. i honestly think it's the best hotel experience i have encountered. i would not hesitate to return or recommend this hotel to friends and family.
from the minute we arrived at this acclaimed property le bristol exceeded the very high service standards we had read about. everyone from the doorman to the barmen to the room service staff was exceptionally helpful,respectful and pleasant. the spa was wonderful, epicure beyond description and the total experience was the piece de resistance of a wonderful parisian vacation.
the experience was second to none! it started with being met airside at at door if the plane and being whizzed through immigration and to our waiting car - we felt like film stars! the rooms we had were upgraded and just wonderful in the decoration, how clean and sparkling they were. the staff at breakfast made it a delightful experience encouraging us to try ordering in french. and due to the fact my daughters friend who accompanied us was gluten intolerant - they made ensured she had her own breakfast croissants and bread basket.  we had excellent service in the brassiere, the only comment is that it would have been nice to have a special dish of the day available in the evening - not just at lunchtime.overall an excellent stay, wonderful staff and the place to stay when in paris.
in december my husband and i stayed at le bristol paris and it was truly a first class experience. the service is warm and welcoming (greeted by name every time we returned from walking around paris), the rooms classic and lovely and food excellent. we had dinner one night at 114 faubourg and loved the nice casual atmosphere for a michelin starred restaurant. the king crab eggs appetizer was incredible. the la prairie spa was fabulous (best ginger tea i've ever had) and found the indoor pool a nice spot to relax when we had some down time. what's a review without mentioning the resident cat, fa-roan? he's the hotel's gentle white bermin cat who prances around the hotel, lounges in the lobby, joins you for tea and then saunters about. as an animal lover, he was a highlight of our trip. the hotel is perfectly located to all the best shops and one day we walked to the arc de triomphe and back. this hotel is perfect if you love classic elegance, but still has a jet-set and stylish crowd.
there are no words to describe the great stay in this superb hotel! strongly suggested to those who want also a gret venue! the room, the service, the people around were all great and of very high standing. not cheap but a fair as compared to the level of the hotel,
"we loved this hotel.  stayed there for five days over the recent ny holiday and couldn't have been more impressed.  the hotel is beautiful in every sense of the word, in a great location, located a block away from elysee' palace, and on rue de faubourg st. honore, home to some of paris' best shopping, during the holidays, the hotel is wonderfully, warmly decorated, with a large tree in the lobby and outdoor garden, as is the street and neighborhood.  the see so many of paris' signature shopping landmarks, and their beautiful buildings, all decorated for the holidays, is great fun. we were upgraded to a deluxe room under american express' fine hotel and resort program which was terrific, wonderfully decorated and large, with a magnificent bathroom. under the fhr program we were also entitled to early check in which is exceptionally helpful for those traveling in that morning and enjoyed complimentary breakfast each day. finally, the service. a lesson in how to run any business.  every single person we came into contact with was exceptional, no question too many, no request too large.  from the housekeepers to those in the spa and front desk.  however, those manning the concierge desk, well, they became like family; helping us so much, our every detail, from having us take the house car to a local restaurant - a great recommended, 110 taillevant, to securing from row tickets to a terrific new years eve concert at st. chappell (we had only asked for tickets), to museum, to four great restaurant recommendations exactly of the type we wanted, great neighborhood places. best though, was the reputation of the concierge's and the bristol around town, when they called and said they were from ""the bristol,"" it meant more than any other hotel in any other city that we've ever been.  a special note to dominique, who when we left felt like we were leaving family, was exceptional - a friend. one our last night, wanting us to go to a favorite neighborhood restaurant in 7th (fontain de mars), and finding that the earliest they could take us was 9:45, he wrote a handwritten note for us to give to the restaurant when checking in.  the owner sw that it was from the bristol, read it , laughed that it was from dominique, and not only seated us earlier but gave us a great table. above and beyond in every way (on new years eve, they placed a bottle of champagne in our room, such a nice touch).  for the first time in traveling to paris, i can see why those that have stayed at the bristol, each year, insist on making it their home."
i've choosed this hotel based on reviews and i am sure it was a perfect choice. first of all the location was perfect. when we arrived we were greeted by very friendly staff and during our check in we were very well informed about where should we go to visit and eat. the rooms was fairly large and very clean. the price when compared to paris hotels i can say was avarage not that expensive. of i come back this amazing city again i will definetly stay at this beautiful hotel
i have eaten at this hotel for over a decade, but never stayed here.  it is the best hotel i've ever stayed at in paris.  everything is amazing, but in a comfortable way.  the three star epicure is one of my favorite restaurants in the world: amazing food without gimmicks in a beautiful setting with flawless service—and amazingly good value.  the rooms are very large and charming.  on my visit, i was struck by the range of people who were enjoying the hotel.  at other hotels, i often get a sense of a certain type that stays there, but the bristol seems able to take care of all the various people who come to paris.
i was for the first time in paris last month and my company sent me to this hotel. i have to say that the hotel was perfect! it's placed in a great location, close to the metro station. the staff is amazing, the rooms are perfect, nicely decorated and big. the rooftop pool is also amazing!hope to come back next month and stay here again. loved it!
it is in a great location, across from the tuileries, near the louvre and place de la concorde, and close to a metro stop.  the superior rooms are large and have an outstanding view.  it costs less than the nearby very expensive hotels.
"two adults and four children 10 years old....two of ours and two ""off to france""  with us...one of the grande dames of paris...but spit polished and top drawer staff to meet, greet and assist...even when ,one of the boys found the room service menu and were always hungry....so outside their room adorned with two in-room dining carts (beautiful starched linen, silver containers and roses adorned)  with smatterings of pancakes, bacon, waffle, toast, scrambled eggs and an unknown assortment of jellies and cereal....this all seen on the way to the angelic girls room. the return trip up to the boys room and it clicked as i knocked on their door and jim bob opened the door panting from a momentary ""jump off"" on the bed. "" tell me, i asked, these are not your carts out here....?"" a pause and wife now opening our room door across  the hallway and seeing the parade of leftovers... well, this blew the budget for the day...but the general manager was most gracious in reducing our boy's breakfast adventure to a mere $150.  with a wisp of a smile, the gm predicted the boys will always remember their lovely breakfast at the bristol. note; he liked it so much, he named his new dog bristol -oh, my. oh, yes...the neighbors...well the president of france lives across the street and the british ambassador lives in the next estate down the road on the right. and btw, oprah's ill timed visit to hermes is a short stroll down on the left! bon voyage"
le bristol is a faboulous hotel and provides a great experience, albeit at a price.  the staff was excellent, some of the best i have experienced in paris.  everyone was extremely helpful and very friendly.  some even remembered me by name, which is refreshing.my room was very lovely.  the the bed and bedding were of very high quality.  the bathroom was roomy, bright and fulfilled all expectations.  everything was very clean and well serviced.the only issue i experienced, was the remote for the television was an ipod, that was difficult to navigate and use.  i think something simpler would be appreciated by most all.the food in the hotel restaurants was of exceptional quality as well.
one of the 10 palaces in paris. it has one of the best locations. the best restaurant. the service is wonderful and the rooms very very nice. i recommend every one who can afford this hotel ,to try it at least one time and to feel the difference with other hotels.
from the moment we arrived at the luxurious le bristol we were greeted, by name, with warmth and great care. we were traveling with our two twenty+ year old children. we met jeremie at the reception desk who was wonderful.  he checked us in, gave us a tour of the property, sharing details along the way, and personally escorted us to our rooms. throughout our seven night stay, jeremie continued to be a great resource of information and took a special interest in our family's needs. our rooms were a comfortable size, clean and well appointed with spacious modern bathrooms, plenty of mirrors, ample counter space and good lighting. one of our rooms had an especially lovely view of the courtyard.  housekeeping was excellent and we appreciated the fresh flowers and water.  the food at the restaurant was delicious and beautifully presented. we enjoyed breakfast in the tranquil and gorgeous garden.  olivier and matthieu took especially good care of us.  we also enjoyed champagne in the garden before dinner and we loved night caps in the cozy new bar after dinner.  the pool and spa were nice to have and very relaxing. the concierge team was excellent.  they recommended restaurants and activities which were wonderful and a perfect fit for us.  we loved the hotel location, conveniently situated near fabulous shops and galleries.  the management was incredibly attentive (thank you leah) and the service was absolutely exceptional.  our stay was memorable and we look forward to returning.
my husband and i stayed at le bristol for a week for our honeymoon in july and had the most wonderful time. we had heard and read great things about the hotel, but we were completely blown away by our visit. every detail was perfect- the flowers in the room, the attentive but never pesky housekeeping service, the suggestions of the concierge, the restaurants in the hotel, the gorgeous chandeliers, our room key (i loved it so much that my husband bought the key chain when we left!)... we mentioned that it was our honeymoon while checking in and the next evening when we returned to our room we found roses and rose petals on the bed and a lovely bottle of champagne. the location is great- right in the 8th arrondissement- within walking distance to almost everything that you can imagine. we loved every minute of being in this wonderful hotel and cannot wait to return (in fact, my husband has already made reservations for us to return next summer!). thank you for making us feel so special and for taking such good care of us!
i was amazed at the ambiance, space and decor of the lobby,walking into the bristol to check-in.my business associates in paris had made the reservation. their office is a short walk.although the bill was much more than i normally spend on business trips, at the end of my 2 day stay - i appreciated the 'value' of being able to enjoy all the conveniences of today in the splendour and settings of an era kept alive by the wonderful staff at le bristol.the room was expansive. beautifully, delicately furnished. i am in love with the really huge bathroom. the service completely matched the impeccable hotel. must confess, i did not eat at the restaurants except for one breakfast which was very good.probably the best hotel i have stayed in. looking forward to returing with family soon.
i took a 2 week vacation with my family 2 weeks ago, to go to hamburg and then to paris. so after one week in hamburg we flew to paris with my wife and son. upon walking out the corridor from the  plane, there was a very polite gentleman standing there we our names, and he guided us through the airport, and picked up our luggage and took us to our driver, they did not let me touch one thing, both of them very professional.after about 35 mins drive we arrived at the hotel, it is a very nice looking hotel, everything just in the right place, very classic and chic, just the way i like it :-). the check in was smooth although i ran into issue with my card. we had a one bedroom suite, which was on the 7th floor, facing the courtyard, so not much view. it had a very nice balcony with chairs and table. the room itself was very comfortable, nice bed, and very nice 5pc bathroom, again spotless. more than enough storage, and nice fruits set almost everyday, nice mini bar, and all the other goodies you require.this hotel is a beautiful hotel, as you may call it a palace, with a nice outside seating area in the garden, where we got to enjoy dinner and breakfast there since weather was great. food is excellent, but few more choices would be nice, but quality is taste and preparation matches the service, which is superb. epicure is highly recommended, michelin chef, prepared menu.their staff all are very well trained, very polite and friendly. one of the best if not the best i have seen in many years. they have great value for kids, which is important for me when i travel with my family. they gave our son his won bathrobe, slippers, and various other things, which is a nice touch.must say the concierge was very nice specially by the name of dominique if i may recall and another one who worked the evening shift, both very nice and helpful, and you can trust their proposals on restaurants, sight-seeing and of course shopping areas.the hotel assistant manager ms.jasmin schoulz, who was very nice, checking with us during our stay whether everything was fine, which was greatly appreciated. as you do not get this in many 5 or 6* hotels. our son was sad when were leaving, as he did not see her when we were checking out. many thanks for your great hospitality, and next time we will not miss the cocktail party.if you want a excellent service, and experience the true luxury of parisian stay, you will enjoy this hotel very much. very helpful to stay that you are walking distance to brand shops like hermes, gucci, prada and etc..and also champs elysee and great restaurants, location is perfect.we will surely return again and enjoy hour next holiday in paris at le bristol. also, we did not have time to try the spa, but have good reference that it is excellent.
living currently with my french husband abroad and moreover for the last few months separately in different countries, we have chosen le bristol for our parisian wedding. it was the best choice we could ever make. with two other same level hotels being under renovation the choice of high standards hotels was narrowed. frankly speaking  it was not our first pick. after having a meeting in another 5*hotel, we had very bad impression. despite booking a room and scheduling a meeting in advance, the person responsible for events was not present at the scheduled meeting and a person with whom we have finally met was not prepared at all. after having encountered such a bad organisation we decided to go ahead with le bristol. as we have been looking for a simply elegancy, my husband has convinced me that it might be an excellent match for our special occasion. he was absolutely right. from the very first moment we were sure it is a right place. as le bristol was our last moment choice, we didn’t have much time for wedding preparation. despite of a feeling that the whole staff made every effort to make our day special and none of our requests was a problem. after arriving to paris the most pleasant surprise was the room. it has been upgraded up to one of the most  beautiful suits in the hotel. it was extremely spacious and very elegantly appointed. the dinner after the ceremony was served in one of hotels’ function rooms with the garden view. the room was decorated in a classy manner. food was excellent and way of serving was simply amazing. breakfast in the garden was outstanding. the quality of service we have received was exceptional. everybody was friendly, attentive and paid attention to every detail. we encounter an amazing care. we definitely recommend the hotel and we are looking forward to our next stays. special thanks go to matthias, elias and michelle and the whole staff being present during the dinner.the only issue was the make-up artist. for my wedding i have booked from spa lebristol both the hairdresser and the make-up artist. michelle, the hairdresser did a great job. arriving to paris just one day before the wedding i had no time for any hairdo trial. despite that after a quick explanation what i want, she has created a beautiful wedding chignon.  unfortunately it wasn’t the case with the make-up artist. at the time of booking i have been told that the hotel’s spa often cooperates with an external make-up artist, who is extremely experienced. i have been assured that she is personally known to the staff and the hotel spa vouches for her and quality of her work.  what a surprise it was, when during the make-up the girl blurt that it is her second time she is in lebristol and in fact she replaces her friend. first of all in such a place and for more than 300 euro just for a make-up i would expect to be informed in advance about any changes. needless to say that it was quite unpleasant situation. secondly, as we have been assured about professionalism of a particular make-up artist i would not expect to receive the make-up from somebody else. the make-up itself was not what i have been expecting. it was not only my impression. both mums and my sister were unanimous that the make-up was worse than usually done by myself. taking into account that the day was fully planned there was not much what we could do. having spoken to spa manager we have been apologised ang got a full rebate for the make-up, however on my wedding day i would have expected rather to have a good make-up than not paying for a badly performed one.  pretty sure that every women would agree with me, that it is just all about looking perfect on such a special day. anna&mathieu
the best hotel to stay;  a nice building with an awesome staff, great location, spacious and clean rooms. delicious breakfast, the best experience in france, allez le bristol hotel... i hope to come back soon!!!
we could not have dreamed of a more elegant, warm, intimate parisian experience than our stay at lebristol.  the hotel is beautiful beyond description, the rooms are elegantly appointed but what really makes lebristol shine is the professionalism and genuine warmth of the staff. prior to our arrival the concierge diligently attained our requested dining reservations. she was a tremendous resource throughout our entire stay. her suggestions turned out to be our favorite meals!  when we arrived at the hotel with our exhausted 9 and 11 year old children we were greeted with warmth and attentiveness that remained consistent during our entire stay.  lebristol staff consistently went out of their way to greet us by name, took the time to stop and make sure our day was planned and offer their assistance.  our suite was stunningly beautiful and authentically parisian down to the smallest detail. the housekeeping staff even laid out our children’s pajamas for them at night! we felt pampered without fuss.  staying at le bristol is the quintessential parisian experience with comfort and ease.  the balance of complete elegance and warmth gives le bristol a depth of character we have not experienced in any other hotel in the world.  thank you so very much for a trip our family will always remember. we cannot wait to return to le bristol and without any reserve give the hotel and staff our absolute highest recommendation.
i have been travelling for over 30 years months after months. i have stayed in many beautiful 5 stars or luxury resorts over these years, but never have i experienced such genuine friendliness, helpfullness and amazing care of the staff at the bristol in paris.of course our suite was very very beautiful with a view on the inner park but the huge difference is the defiinitively the staff. every single day you can see the management walking around and talking to guests. the employees rememberiing your name and your preferences and trying to make your stay even more enjoyable. nothing is too much asked when you need a special service, a reservation, a cab or a recommandation. this establishment has kept what is a real sense of hospitality and i wish many more hotels would have the chance to experience a couple of days at le bristol. the little book about the hotel's history says it all : details create perfection and perfection is not a detail. - léonard de vinci -  thank you to all the wonderful employees for this wonderful experience.
the rooms and suites are exquisite and the hotel’s public areas are beautifully appointed, with the understated elegance which so few parisian premium hotels successfully achieve. all staff including fa-raon (the resident pedigree birman cat) have genuine warmth – with several taking the time to remember your name, fa-raon excluded. the new addition of le bar du bristol is a credit to the hotel, with excellent cocktails, superb staff, and beautiful classic yet modern surroundings. breakfast at epicure is without compare. lunch at le jardin français in the garden is the perfect setting. le prairie spa and its treatments are world class – the signature 2-therapist massage highly recommended.having stayed at hotel le bristol last year and found it to be exceptional, i chose it for the location this year to celebrate a significant milestone wedding anniversary of my parents. the hotel was particularly kind to upgrade them from the prestige room to a junior suite, place a bottle of champagne in the suite on arrival, and have a particularly personal touch to the turn-down service. all very much appreciated.whilst hotel le bristol sets exceptionally high standards, i appreciate sometimes that things do not always go to plan. for the purposes of a balanced review, we had a few minor issues during our stay, however mrs florence bezault showed exceptional ability in managing these and taking corrective action to ensure there would not be future occurrences.the hotel as a whole, and particularly the staff, are what sets hotel le bristol apart. i wouldn’t dream of staying anywhere else in paris, and aim to return as soon as feasible – alas sydney to paris is quite a long flight for a short visit.
le bristol was recommended by out travel agent, but i have come to rely on trip advisor to confirm other recommendations that i receive. trust what you read here about le bristol. if we could give the hotel 7 stars we would! the hotel is impeccably clean, beautifully decorated, with gorgeous arrangements of fresh flowers abounding everywhere. twice a day maid service was executed perfectly...they seemed to know precisely the right time to provide service and ere as unobtrusive as possible. we only ate breakfast at the hotel, but service was excellent and food and beverage quality were as well.  the staff is friendly and makes it a point to introduce themselves to you if they don't know your name. the consierege that we worked with most frequently, jean francoise, was thorough and spot on with his recommendations. our favorite for dinner was the fountaine de mars...wondeful meal. we were treated to a complimentary ride to our restaurant one evening in the hotel's complimentary car, a beautiful black mercedes. our room was ample with a place for everything. we also enjoyed the luxurious soaking tub and excellent shower. our visit was to celebrate a special birthday and wedding anniversary. le bristol provided a wondeful surprise of champagne and delicious chocolate mousse cake with vanilla cream. yum! we had the pleasure of meeting the hotel manager, leah marshall. it is clear to see she loves what she does and this infectious enthusiasm spills over to her team. you will love the hotel and your experience there!
first of all i got upgraded (doubly so) - to an enormous corner room.  when the porter said it was his favourite room in the hotel - i believed him.second, my wife joined me at the end of the trip (somehow she got a free treatment), had afternoon tea and bumped into beckam - who was gracious enough to pose for a photograph.but even without these experiences, this is a simply brilliant hotel.  i dont what the staff/guest ratio is, but it must be very high.  they all acknowledge you whenever  you come across them in the hotel.beautiful room, lovely swimming pool (no one there), a crazy bar, amazing breakfast.  i cannot rate it highly enough.  years ago i used to go to the ritz in paris a lot (the general manager once told me he was having to reduce that all important staff to guest ratio from 3 to 1 to 2 to 1 - he was devastated) and always thought that was my favourite - but a few more trips to the bristol...and i love the way theyve made a virtue out of the white cat.very very classy.by the way, this is a high end paris hotel - so its not cheap.
i have come to le bristol regularly since the nineties, staying mostly one or two nights. the consistent friendliness of the staff paired with its very professional attitude , the exquisite rooms (always with a big bathroom), the beautiful garden, the location and much more brought me to the conclusion that le bristol is simply the best hotel in europe. just a detail: i once forgot some not very important documents in the room. i did not bother but when i came back three months later, the envelope was waiting for me on the desk. i simply have not found a better hotel over all these years.
this past march, my husband and i took our two boys (ages 8 and 13) along with my in-laws to paris.  it was the first trip for my boys and i wanted everything to be wonderful.  i spent a great deal of time planning the trip, and the choice of hotel was of particular importance-- as i felt it would set the tone for the entire experience.  i am accustomed to staying at nice hotels and my standards are quite high: the bristol did not disappoint.  it was lovely in every way.  the service and attitude among those serving was outstanding-- we never had to wait for anything. they were especially accommodating for the kids and making sure that they had all they needed-- including child-size bathrobes and little stuffed animals waiting for them upon arrival-- not to mention cookies and candy as well!  the rooms and bathrooms are very large and elegantly decorated.  the food at the hotel restaurants was superb!!!  at the top of the hotel is a lovely spa and pool designed as a ship-- the kids loved that!  when we needed a very late check-out for my in-laws, the hotel was once again accommodating.  also, we arrived very early in the morning and because our booked rooms were not yet ready they upgraded us into larger rooms so we wouldn't have to wait-- they could see that the kids were tired after a long trip.  basically, they did whatever they could to make the visit as terrific as possible.  and, of course, the location speaks for itself!  i give the bristol my highest recommendation and will very happily return there on my next trip to paris.
my husband and i returned from 2 night/3 day break in paris for my husband's 60th birthday. the hotel, staff and food were faultless and my husband had a birthday to remember. he was presented with a beautifull birthday cake in the restaurant the evening before his birthday and on the morning, we had a champagne breakfast all provided by the hotel. in addition we were upgraded to a junior suite. i would like  to give a special mention to olivier from epicure, sara and muriel who checked us in, helene from the concierge team, jonathon from le jardin francais and jean-marie, guest relations.i am astounded at the people who have had bad experiences as although the bristol is expensive, it is worth every penny for the experience. i would go back tomorrow. the best hotel i have ever stayed in.
moved to respond by the prior two emails reporting bad experiences... i've stayed at the bristol a dozen times (mostly on business, but not always) and like it better every time. staff has always been friendly and helpful. i've stayed in everything from a royal suite to a regular room and thought they were each and every one ample, comfortable and gracious. it's expensive, but (a) worth it, and (b) that's paris for you.  the location is ideal.
i spent a marvellous time in bristol bar with my girlfriend. the new small and confidential bar with a fire place is so beautiful and i was perfectly welcome by the manager edgar. a perfect and distinguished service.
"the bristol hotel in paris is one of the finest hotels we've ever had the pleasure to visit.  the restaurant's 3 stars from michelin are well deserved (our only hesitation is to note that the service and atmosphere are formal and the price is justified by the beauty of the room, the conscientiousness of the staff and the quality and creativity of the kitchen). if you seek a fast meal, are on a tight budget or want to wear jeans to dinner, this dining room isn't for you, but you knew that already and there are other 3 stars that can get you out the door faster and others in which jeans might be more appropriate, nonetheless, after 6 or 7 dinners at the bristol over the years, we are always left wanting to return.  the dining room is the place of dreams.  for us, no meal is complete without excusing ourselves to take a quick trip up the glorious antique elevator to the rooftop pool, which may be the nicest hotel pool we've ever seen.  the wooden deck and the tableau on the walls recreate an old luxury cruiser as the windows open to an extraordinary panoramic view of paris.  just writing this review transports me to that roof.  the pool itself is warm and lovely and our kids were extremely happy in the pool or on the comfy upscale deck chairs ""on deck"" around it.the rooms themselves are beautiful and elegant.  breakfasts, whether in bed or in the dining room were memorable. in short, one of our favorite hotels anywhere.  in aggregate, my wife and i have visited france more than 20 times, but a trip to the bristol is really something very special.as an added benefit, the bristol has an extraordinary history -- it was, for some, the last stop on the underground as the french resistance snuck people out during wwii. bravo bristol!"
"we recently spent eight glorious nights at le bristol paris. i was there to celebrate my 40th birthday with my husband and it didn't disappoint! i was nervous about the hotel as i am very fussy when it comes to hotels. if you claim to be 5 star you really should be 5 star in my mind. le bristol is and didn't let me down in any area. i have read some not so good reviews, ie. you can see the plumbing pipes when you sit in the bath, and yes this was true i could see them, but hey, in the big picture this one detail really didn't affect my holiday at all! my fear of being suffocated in an overly opulent louis viii inspired parisian hotel was soon gone the minute i walked in. the decor is luxurious and grand but in an understated way which i love. i have been to the ritz and le meurice et al and i really feel a little bit ill at the over the top opulence which treads a fine line between style and tack. not at le bristol it is just magnificently done. every detail is to perfection, classy, unassuming and stylish. i was very impressed.all that aside the thing that makes le bristol stand out is the service. i couldn't fault a thing. the concierge or 'man with the golden key' as i like to joke with my husband, organised every detail of our stay for us before we arrived from australia. it was a wonderful way to holiday in paris. they recommended restaurants and made reservations, tours and shows and everything just like the hotel was 5 star! i felt very spoilt the whole week. the concierge service is the best!on occassion when we asked for taxi's to be booked to take us to dinner we would arrive downstairs and be greeted withe the hotel's limo and driver who was very informative and friendly. it was pure luxury and fantastic service. on arriving back at the hotel after a long day sightseeing i was greeted with a table for two set up in my room with an exquisite birthday cake that words can not describe. i was blown away by this kind gesture and it was totally unexpected.the staff are friendly but not in your face which i love, they were genuine and professional and i don't think i have had service this good in any other hotel throughout my travels. the bristol is expensive as far as room service and the restaurant goes. but i recommend if you can splurge on the restaurant it is a must, even if you just have breakfast in there it is a truly wonderful experience. the cocktail bar is intimate and devine the the cocktails first class, try the hotel's signature cocktails ""st. honore"" delicious!.our room was beautiful, i don't think it was one of the newly refurbished rooms but by parisian hotel standards it was huge, beautifully decorated without being over the top. we had a beautiful view over the courtyard and could see the basillica in the distance it was magnificent. as we were leaving we spied a room that was decorated in the most amazing pink wall paper it lookd magnificent. it would be wonderful if you could have a room menu and see how each room was decorated and choose, i would definitely choose the pink room :)the room service was prompt, delicious, and serving sizes are big enough for two people. it is all silver service which makes it very special indeed.all i can say is that if you are looking for a 5 star hotel that is luxurious, glamorous and doesn't need to rub it in your face (so to speak) the le bristol is the place to be. le bristol knows who she is and is one decadent, chic parisian cat :)"
my wife and i ate lunch one day in the casual dining area and the food was so good that we came back for dinner another night. the service was incedible and i would suggest getting the filet with mashed potatoes. the potatoes were drenched in butter. makes me hungry just thinking about it.
for the foodies amongst us, you will be absolutely impressed with the fact that the concierge at le bristol secured us a table at one of the most difficult restaurants to obtain a reservation in paris (because they don't have a phone!). for this, they deserve all of the accolades that one can heap upon them. superlative praise. 5 stars. the staff, from the doorman to the room service attendants are excellent. the concierge is one of the best in paris. sadly, we actually had to leave le bristol after our first night because their pool was closed for the week, unbeknownst to us on booking, and their gym consisted of only a very small number of machines. they were really gracious and offered us upgrades and everything when we said we were moving to another hotel for a gym/pool, but for us it is a bit of a deal breaker if we can't exercise because we come to paris to eat! you should also know, this is one of those hotels with big keys dangling from a large hotel icon that one must return to the concierge as one leaves the hotel and pick up as one enters. this makes it very personal and service-oriented, but my husband hates it. he wants to be a little faceless. but there is a hotel cat!the rooms were freshly renovated, although a little bland (in paris) for my liking, but this could have been because we had a room that looked directly at a glass roof in a courtyard and builders renovating across the way. although it was a suite. but they secured us a table at chateaubriand and thus they get five stars. it is after all why we go to paris.
overall a very good experience at le bristol.  we arrived exhausted from a very long flight before the check in time of 3pm; mr. eric regnier, the front office manager, was extremely professional and empathetic and was able to arrange a room for us within 1/2 hr or so.  he also gave us an upgrade for which we were very thankful.  almost all the staff are warm and professional and always willing to assist.; one of them made a superb recommendation for a seafood restaurant le dome.  they also had tickets to the louvre on hand and so did not have to bother to make any reservations.  it is a beautiful, classy parisian hotel, the likes of which are disappearing.  a fantastic location for haute couture and art.
i have just returned from a fabulous stay at le bristol.... the staff were exceptional from the moment we checked in to the moment we checked out - they even remembered our names!  we stayed in a junior suite which was lovely.  the suite was huge, a lovely bedroom area, sitting area, large bathroom with twin sinks which is my bug bear and a nice dressing room!  they seem to have updated some of the rooms as we had quite a modern suite compared to some. for breakfast we would reccomend booking a reservation in the restaurant as the tables in the bar are too small for everything; the eggs are divine.....the location is great and it is easy to walk to everything.  i would thoroughly reccomend staying here - we will return!
i wish to add my voice to  the reviews below all of which say how perfect this hotel is.  the room (junior suite) was great, but what i cannot get over (having stayed in many of the world's best hotels) was the level of service.  nothing was too much including the baker making a special batch of croissant  for my son with a nut allergy who has never been able to taste them before, and a birthday cake with tea in the garden for another son who. was having a birthday, all at the suggestion of the hotel and on their initiative.all of the staff were excellent and well trained as you would expect but with special mention to dominique of the concierge team and stephanie of the guest relations team who had people skills and thoughtfulness that just cannot be taught.
when reading the reviews for the le bristol paris please remember there are two of them with the same name, one is a two star dump of a place and one is probably the best hotel in paris.the le bristol (the good one) is a 5 star hotel, no question and the restaurant, which has 3 michelin stars, is one of the best in the world.if you want quality and service like so many places think they do quality and service then the le bristol is for you – not cheap, but hey for this kind of place – who cares?fantastic – and classy.
you know you're somewhere special when the head waiter at the michelin 3-star restaurant sees you coming out of the elevator and offers to carry your bags. this lovely property could be forgiven for a touch of snobbishness, but there's none to be found.  the quality of breakfast at both restaurants is outstanding; the hand-made jam and pistachio croissant at the gastronomic restaurant are not to be missed.  at dinner the chicken cooked in a bladder (of what?) is a lifetime memory.  not a cheap place to stay, but worth every euro.
my wife adored this place and i did as well . they knew it was our honeymoon and had champagne waiting for us . and gorgeous flowers . great views of the gardens . we fell in love with the hermes soap ! and each other even more
my sig other had business in paris and we were thrilled to find the bristol in his list of preferred hotels.  upon arrival we were told that we had been upgraded to a junior suite.  aside from it being a very spacious room, it was at the end of a long hallway and very quiet; just what we like!  huge marble bathroom with double sink, tub and separate shower stall.  bath products are from hermes and the in-house spa and were very nice.the lobby is just what you would expect of a grand five-star paris hotel.  beautiful gleaming floors, (of course a lot of staff at the door to help you into our out of your car) with several graciously appointed public salons.  the concierge took care of our reservations including dinner in the hotel dining room which has three michelin stars!  the room feels like a dining room in versailles and the prices are stratospheric, but we both agreed that it was one of the best meals we had ever had.staff are constantly cleaning everywhere so i would challenge anyone to find so much as a speck of dust.  we were always greeted with a smile and kind word when entering or exiting and loved the old-fashioned practice of leaving your key at the front when not in the room.there's a great (but small) gym and pool on the 6th floor which does the trick, though it's too bad that they can't devote more space to fitness like so many other hotels have.we're here on a corporate rate but if a good internet rate could be found i would highly recommend the bristol.
hotel le bristol paris is an elegant hotel with great service. i got early check-in, room upgrade and a bottle of sancerre grand cuvee packed in a wooden box with a greeting card from the hotel's manager. everybody in the hotel was very helpful and accommodating. hotel has a very special, homelike atmosphere.room was spacious, clean and quiet. luxury toiletries (hermes, anne semonin), prompt room service, excellent breakfast buffet (included in room price), one of the best dinners i've ever had (restaurant le bristol deserves 3 michelin stars instead of 2 which it currently holds). nice pool and a small gym in the 6th floor where you can see the rooftops of parisian houses.hotel is pricey but worth every euro. highly recommended.
just back from a 2 night stay at le bristol. excellent location, lovely hotel with good staff. room and bathroom very spacious.my only gripe is the cost of the extras i.e. food and drink - way overpriced even for a hotel of this calibre (and i was travellling on business.) also car from gare du nord (20 minutes although can take longer) is euro 185 if booked through hotel which i did due to possible transport strikes - a regular taxi is around euro 15 max!
a few lines just to commend the concierge department. professional to the utmost degree and nothing was impossible. the room was spectacular as usual, cosy without the kitsch, spotless.   the fleur d’oranger trees on the way to the elevator just smelled divine.  location perfect, quiet and walking distance to the best boutiques. my only regret was that i never got to see the flower arrangement that had been prepared for me, ( i was told housekeeping accidentally dropped the vase ) it would have been nice if it had been replaced.....
stayed here for a 2 night stay - probably the best hotel stay i've had in my life!arrival/check in:arrived to be greeted by the bellmen by name, and by the time i reached the check in counter my check in documents have been prepared and ready for my signature - true efficiency!location:located on rue du faubourg saint honore, this is probably one of the best addresses in paris, within walking distance to shopping, metro and tourist attractionsroom:i had room 715 - which is a lovely deluxe room looking into the inner hotel courtyard- extremely well appointed - note that guests should not expect to be walking into an ultra modern/luxurious room, as le bristol and its rooms are all about classic french luxury - whilst keeping up with the modern technology in very subtle ways. very impressed with the room - everything was done to perfectionfood:epicure was another phenomenal experience - a definite must try at this establishment within the hotel. hands down the best european 3 michelin star experience thus far service/people:i truly believe and agree that it is the people that makes the (big) difference. i very much appreciate the hotel staff whom recognise almost every guest in residence by name and their passion to provide the top level of service and yet having meticulous attention to detail. they should (and are) be proud of the address that they represent. definitely going to be my top choice for paris going forward and i can't wait to return!
we have been here very many times, to celebrate romantic events, birthdays, special dates, and we have never been disappointed. you feel like you are  part of the family, and you are treated as if you were a very special person.the staff is unbelievably kind, generous, always willing to help, the decoration is splendid, the bedrooms are immensely comfortable and beautiful to stay in, and the food is a dream.i don’t think this place could  ever get a bad review. even if you just come in for a hot chocolate at teatime, or in the evening at the bar, or  go to the restaurant, you will have the time of your life. oh, and the spa is a great place to relax and be pampered . we love the bristol. thank you !
where do you start with an experience like le bristol paris. they cover everything to ensure that your stay with them is simply magnifique. we stayed for 7 nights and by the end i was not ready to leave.once upon a time my dream was to stay at every palace hotel in paris, but now i only want to return to le bristol. the concierge team go out of their way to make you comfortable. they can look after your room key while you go out so it’s one less thing for you to worry about in your day. these are staff who care deeply about your experience being a positive one and they do a great job of it. the wonderful doormen also make you feel welcome as you arrive or leave. they can give you directions, get you a cab or hook you up in the lovely house rolls royce, and much more. always so helpful, always with a smile.our suite was large, clean and opulently furnished in a classic parisian style. the double bathrooms were spacious with amazing bright make up lighting. i enjoyed snacking from the replenishing fruit bowl in an attempt to keep healthy despite the consumption of decadent french food on the trip. the breakfast was my favorite hotel breakfast of my life, and we chose to eat it in our suite every day. the way they present and serve it alone is an art. delicious fresh squeezed juices, rustic brown and white toast and red berries decorated with gold leaf. my partner said it was the best french toast and waffles of his whole life. their cereal is lovely and the oatmeal cooked in water was creamy and cooked to perfection. i dream about this breakfast.le bristol has 4 food & beverage establishments on the ground floor- epicure, 114 faubourg, cafe antonia and le bar du bristol. we went to all but 114 faubourg (next time!) and all were a lovely dining or drinking experience, uniquely pleasurable and the romantic atmosphere at all of them made them date night winners. le bar du bristol has a chic and intimate ambience but doesn’t take itself too seriously, it is still nice and chilled. the bar snacks of olives, macadamia nuts and chickpea chips were phenomenal. the service at all of them is impeccable.now, somehow my partner found his second stomach for room service after several of our french dinners. this was largely because le bristol’s room service is so delicious, that any time we were chilling on the bed and he casually read the menu, he found himself picking up the phone and ordering a new dish to try. the one time le bristol told us ‘no’ was when they could not make french toast for room service at 11pm as it’s on the breakfast menu. well, at least the french onion soup he got instead was so good that he has fondly reminisced about it many times since! not to mention many other things on the menu that had us pigging out late at night on their deluxe room service! not only have the chefs got it nailed, but it always came speedily no matter what the time. and of course with amazing bread on the side. ;)all this rich gastronomy- time to hit the fitness center. i used the fitness center 4 times and was delighted that except for a couple of other patrons here and there, it was never all that busy. the treadmills were very high-tech and it was super clean and well monitored by the spa staff. the spa experience was tranquil, we got luxurious 2 couples massages during our stay.  we also enjoyed the pool on the 6th floor which has a unique penthouse view of stunning paris. beautiful touches dazzle you from every angle at le bristol. the fresh flowers here and there in our suite certainly brought a smile to my face, not to mention the stunning floral displays in the lobby. the main grand elevator is titanic-esque in its magnificence, its trapezoid shape, marble floor, wrought iron pull grate and big mirror. the gorgeous house cat fa-raon lazily snoozing in a corner of the lobby is an adorable parisian touch. the only time in 8 days that something didn’t go absolutely 100% right was when we tried to buy a movie on the tv but it wouldn’t play even after buying it 4 times, however this was politely rectified by the staff. when i rang the front desk for help, they sent up a technician to fix it but he wasn’t able to, so he promised it wouldn’t be on our bill which it wasn’t. we ended up watching midnight in paris which they have available for free and it was meant to be because it was very fun watching midnight in paris while luxuriating in the midnight in paris hotel. that film will be a classic one day, and as for le bristol paris, well it already is.
simply the best...great location.superb staff.fantastic restaurants.excellent spa and facilitators.you don’t have to leave the premises to enjoy the best paris has to offer. epicure is simply outstanding and 114 faubourg is a delight.if you do decide to go outside, the location is next to the presidential palace and rue de faubourg. just a few blocks away you have the chants d’elles the most historic street in the world!relaxing and exciting all in one location our favourite place to visit in paris❣️
we were planning our first visit fo paris for months, and the place to stay with family comfortablly was also a concern. after a long search, we decided to book le bristol.what a wonderful experience from the beginning... we booked everything by email, and the service was so kind and helpful, including the transfer from airport to hotel. what to say: excellent and warm welcome service in check in, rooms well decorated, large bathrooms and updated! since it was summer time, i was planning to have some tea in the afternoon! perfect and relaxing!although paris has lots of outdoor activities, we wanted to have some relaxing time inside the hotel. kids had chance to swim in the pool after long hours walking and we could have nice dinners in the italian restaurant - what a experience!! we could not wait to come back to paris and to le bristol!!
we had the pleasure of spending 5 fabulous nights at le bristol and enjoyed every minute of our stay. from the moment we stepped into the hotel we were treated like royalty. guests are family at le bristol. service is friendly, sincere, professional, warm and every staff member does their utmost to make you feel special, truly, a joie de vivre experience. the concierge goes above and beyond to be of assistance. museum passes, dinning reservations, missing luggage assistance, rental car reservations, rental car pick up, car service, you name it, they do, fix it and get it done for their family of guests.  le bristol offers the largest well-appointed rooms in paris with excellent bedding, bathroom amenities and excellent wi-fi! if you really want to feel like a movie star, have dinner in your room with your own butler! if you want to feel like you are on a cruise ship, visit the roof top indoor pool with stunning views of paris and montmartre. in the morning, guests are treated to an exquisite breakfast of fresh squeezed juice and freshly baked breads and beautiful croissants. for an exceptional dining experience, the hotel offers a michelin 3-star and a michelin 1-star restaurant both serving unforgettable refined french dishes from chef eric frechon. relax in the glamorous bar, sipping one of the artisan cocktails while listing to the local dj spins familiar tunes. if that isn’t enough, afternoon “tea” is a must! do yourself a favor, when you visit paris for business or pleasure, stay le bristol. you will truly understand how it feels to be pampered from the minute you arrive until you must say, “goodbye”. we will be back! a big thank you to the entire team at oetker management! the jetsetz.com team!
if you have the chance to visit paris, this palace is a must visit during your romantic escape, should be in your bucket list...my experience was outstandingly excellent...suit, bed, bathroom, view of the eiffel tower, welcome amenities...been at the covered rooftop pool enjoiyng swimming during winter...the breakfast was ridiculous, the service a wow experience...don’t miss it, do yourself a favor and enjoy french palace « le bristol paris »...
staying at the bristol had been my dream as a parisian and i finally spent a night there recently whilst on a business trip. my expectations were extremely high and they were nonetheless exceeded. the food, even in their most casual lounge, was of great quality, and room service was also incredible. the staff greeted me by name the next morning even though it was my first stay there and for a very short while. it truly deserves to be called a palace.
le bristol is the standout luxury escape in beautiful paris.  what really sets it apart is its commitment to service excellence for each guest and its ambience of extreme elegance in a most tasteful way.  some hotels smile, nod and are polite but the staff at le bristol listen.  the location is ideal being away from some of the larger more contentious locations.  beautifully decorated for christmas, the lounge is also quite exquisite and breakfast was cozy.
we stayed at the bristol for the 12th time in order to celebrate new year's eve in paris and at the bristol.  once again, we were extraordinarily happy with everything at the bristol.  although the hotel was not required to have our room available for occupancy when we arrived at 9:00 a.m., not just the room but the specific room we had requested was ready for us. then, our new year's eve dinner at 114 faubourg -- the one michelin restaurant at the hotel -- was marvelous.  aside from the excellent food, which included a  fettuccini with white truffles, there were two singers who were not only able to sing numerous popular songs but they were also able with their two supporters to get everyone dancing in the restaurant.  then, after midnight, the dancing continued in the bristol bar.  during our five night stay, the concierge staff was always willing and able to provide diligent help above and beyond the call of duty.  added to the foregoing were daily superb breakfasts in the epicure dining room.  finally, the numerous christmas trees in the bristol garden with their bright christmas lights and the christmas trees in the lobby all contributed to our holiday feeling.   the bottom line is that the bristol makes you feel like family in your home away from home. all we can say is bring on our 13th stay.  david and alecia p.
no visit to europe would be complete without a stay at my favourite hotel, le bristol. they set the bar so high and nearly always achieve or exceed it; this does however mean even the smallest failing become noticeable in the rare occasion they do not. sadly on this visit they didn’t quite hit the mark. but still a very enjoyable stay, and i’ve already made my next reservation. more details...arrival was, as always, very personable and warm. the suite was beautifully appointed, with views over the garden with mini-forest of christmas trees. their strive for continuous improvement is obvious, with new larger televisions since my last stay (the last not dated). housekeeping was very good. dinner at epicure was exceptional.as for breakfast, the food was delicious. sadly, on the first day the service was lacking - having to place an order for champagne twice (and slow to serve), and toasted bread also being forgotten. on the second day, the service was flawless. in terms of lunch at cafe antonia, warmly welcomed back as a returning guest. the food was good. a few detractors in terms of service however - no vegetarian menu provided, a confusing conversation with the waitress on allergens to which she did not return with the answer to a follow up question, water not replenished, plates uncleared for ~10 minutes. still enjoyable, however not to the usual standard. drinks at bar du bristol were enjoyable. sadly, they no longer offer a welcome drink which has been a staple since the bar first opened. and i feel the addition of their neon “le bristol after dark” sign (illuminated even on non-dj nights) is a detractor and, depending on your seat, obscures the unique artwork above the bar due to reflection. see photos. the treatment at the spa was excellent. as always, there was a warm welcome back as a returning guest. room service was very good, with a good selection of vegetarian dishes. it did however take some time to place the order, with the telephone initially engaged for several minutes. and finally, staff. excellent service is what sets apart good hotels from great hotels. whilst i appreciate with any organisation that attrition is unavoidable, more recently with each stay i discover another staff member i knew well has departed for pastures new. as a regular guest it is saddening to see. that said, there is a solid management team in place at le bristol and i’m confident that they are doing all to retain their most valued asset - their staff.
we stayed at le bristol on an overnight in paris before sailing on a river cruise on the seine.  everything was top notch, from check in to concierge to dinner at epicure.  we had stayed there 16 years ago, and everything is still just as one would expect at a top hotel.  this is a top hotel (expensive), but if you're ready to splurge, well worth it.  even if you're room is just a standard one, they're there to take care of anything you need.we were charged for minibar usage which wasn't ours (28 euros), so i'd advise to ask for an itemized bill before you leave to double check your bill.
our previous stay at le bristol was so good we wanted to go back. while most places don't live up to the hype the second time, le bristol did. the hotel itself is beautiful but it's the service and attention to detail that separates le bristol from other hotels. while it is not inexpensive, it is certainly worth it.
dear traveler,paris is a city where new and old hotels have resurrected in the last several years.   each one trying to carve out an identity to get slice of the luxury pie.    only one hotel stands alone, le bristol.   a palace that remains at the top of their game. imagine, the year 1920's 1930's  during the great prohibition. a time when a very fashionable and intellectual society of individuals would secretly come together after dark.  as i entered what looked like a hidden driveway service entrance, guided by a blue neon light, led me to a doorway.   to my unexpected serindipous surprise, le bar had transformed itself into a speakeasy.   the room was dimly lit, a fabulous dj was creating some amazing music and the place was filled with guests international and parisian locals drinking cocktails, dancing and sharing ideas and conversation.  it was truly a stimulating fun transformation back into time.  le bristol and its  dynamic team of staff,  lead by madame leah marshal gm, have their finger on the pulse.  service, innovation and reinvention all leading to an exceptional and memorable experience.  this is what a true seasoned hotelier does to stay ahead of the rest and impress their guests.   bravo  to all!safe travels.anthonyvnyc21
stayed here recently for a business trip and thoroughly enjoyed it - it made the trip feel like a vacation, which on a business trip is a great thing.  highlights include an incredibly comfortable bed, beautiful facilities, seeing the hotel cat wander around, and an absolutely delicious breakfast every single morning with standout croissants — the best baked goods i had in paris.
i had heard so much about le bristol before this trip and my expectations were set very high. in short, my three nights at the hotel were sublime and i would highly recommend it.we received an incredible welcome from ingo (the night manager, i believe) on arrival which set the tone for the hotel. from then on the staff were all delightful and it was lovely that they acknowledge guests with a polite “bonjour” as they pass. a special thanks to pierre (porter) and maxime (conceirge) who were incredibly helpful during our visit. one theme that permeates le bristol is class. it is not flashy. it has an understated elegance and feels very personal. indeed, this was reflected in our room which was delightfully ‘old-school’ in style and proved a very agreeable place to have a drink before dinner.the only aspect which could be improved is the service for afternoon tea in the garden, which we took on sunday (e.g. there was a bit of a delay in ordering).however, all in all, i loved this hotel and will definitely be back. i simply cannot imagine staying anywhere else in paris. a massive thank you to the staff at le bristol for such a wonderful experience.
dear leah (hotel gm), i was going to send you a personal note of thanks but decided to share my thoughts with a wider audience. what separates le bristol from all the other hotels in its class (of which there are many) is the level of personalized service that stretches beyond the realm of extraordinary. for us, this was evident when, after a full day of walking all around paris, we arrived back at the hotel to find that a shop clerk had forgotten to remove the metal security tag from a blouse i purchased on the other side of the city. after multiple calls by your concierge to the shop managers asking to have someone come to retrieve it, you (without an ounce of hesitation) sent one of your employees across town so we could continue to enjoy our vacation. when we returned from dinner, my blouse was waiting in our room and ready to wear. beyond extraordinary!in fact, every employee we encountered (bellhop to front desk to concierge) exuded the same welcoming and solicitous attention to detail, without hesitation, that you personally showered upon us. i can say with certainty that when we return to paris we will only stay at le bristol. it's a splurge but it enhanced our vacation immeasurably and exceeded every expectation.thank you one and all!
le bristol is perfection in every sense. we had adjoining rooms over looking rue fsh. having lived in france we are very familiar with parisian hotels and i can assure you the bristol is the finest. in addition to the beautiful facilities the employees are incomparable. this is the place to stay.bon voyage.
this is an incredible hotel. full of details, perfect location. we loved the ambience.the terrace is gorgeous and the food delicious.we didn't want to go out just to enjoy in the beautiful bristol.the only detail i can mention is the concierge. this lady left me talking and i think she taught i was not an important client. i know le bristol receive the most important vips but we too are clients! afar from that, the hotel is beautiful.
well what can i say. 25 years a guest and its still as good if not better than the first day . exquisite, understated, class. jean mari still looking after everyone so well. no stone unturned. attention to detail attentive service. you pay for what you get , and there is no better hotel..,can’t wait to go back...
there is so much competition in paris, but nevertheless le bristol continues to rise above it, from the moment you arrive until departure. it has all been said before - every member of staff goes out of their way to please, from max in the cafe antonia to olivier at breakfast ; and the charming jean marie takes such an interest in his guests that it is a  real sadness to leave . we also enjoyed a great meal at the 114 faubourg - unfortunately we didn't see patrice this time but we were very well looked after in his absence
"from the moment we arrived and were greeted with a smile and 'welcome back' from everyone...we knew we were in heaven.  if you travel a lot you can tell when a hotel ""gets it"".....le bristol gets it on every level....very warm service, incredible concierge desk, epicure restaurant-unbeatable. our fifth stay at the hotel & already trying to figure when we can get back. everyone at the hotel is special especially jean-marie burlot (head of guest relations)-just having the position tells you something-& he's always visible & accessible. austen & sonia & their team at the concierge desk are the best that we have ever seen. paris is special & the le bristol is the only place to stay there !!!"
i've been staying here for years, usually 2 or 3 times a year.  it is beautiful, the food is superb (including epicure, the cafe in the lobby, and 114, the bistro).  le bar is also very special and visually stunning,  the greatest accolades go to the service.  it is amazing.  there is no request that can't be accommodated.  whether you need to arrange a car in caen, need rail tickets to avignon or need a french language version of the book for the current show at the petit palais, all will be accomplished with a smile and with grace.  the staff are trained (i would guess by being shown photos of the guests) to welcome you by name at all instances during your stay.  i had thought that the georges v had the best service in paris until i started staying at le bristol.  manager leah and asst. manager jean-marie are world class in every respect.
there is a level of service, apart from the graceful beauty of the hotel, which is not ostentatious or contrived; rather it is genuine and natural.  the result is an ambience that cannot be easy to achieve and yet appears effortless. we loved the calm environment of our room and found every member of the team to be gracious, friendly and hospitable, but always in a manner sensitive to the guest. special mention to anthony who set such as a positive tone when he checked us in and showed us our room, as well as the concierge team.  and also the special welcome and send off from jean-marie and cecile who provided a level of personalized attention we've never previously encountered.  we also loved sitting in the lobby restaurant where we were well looked after; in addition we had a sensational meal at 114 faubourg - epicure will have to wait for next time.
i have now been staying at le bristol over 10 times and i am still amazed how every stay is better then the last. i had a stay fantastic stay in may with my work. we had 3 rooms and the terrace suite and not a single detail was missed. from the first mail to getting into the taxi on checking out. the terrace suite itself most be one of the best suites in paris. the view of the beatiful garden and the opulent feeling you have there. we had a lunch on the terrace and everything was perfect. the setting of the table, the quality and timing of the food and beverages delivered was top notch by the best staff in any hotel i ever been in. it feels like everybody here loves their work and that makes of such a good atmosphere for the guests in my opinion. the standard of the rooms are great, i think they had a total makeover some years ago. we had some champagne on the terrace before going out and the made small canapès as a treat. we had a beatiful breakfast all of us on the terrace the next day and it was served promptly at 10:30 as planned with the pain perdu in its own warming cabinet( talk about details) then we had a spectacular lunch in their 3 star michelin epicure which made some of take to tears as the food and staff are really world class if not best. the really made a memory that will last for a lifetime. i must say that le bristol have cracked the code when it comes to make you feel so relaxed in such a luxurious enviroment which such lovely and proffesional staff. next stay is already booked and i am looking forward to see the hotel in its christmas spirit. bravo :)
i came to paris again to see my daughter who is going to school here. i booked another highly rated hotel. i like to stay different places just to try something new. after one night at this hotel, i picked up my phone and called the le bristol. i have no idea why i keep trying to stay other places in paris. you would think i would learn! le bristol is one of my favorite hotels in the world.    the best part of a stay at the le bristol is the service. they are absolutely flawless. the staff is sophisticated and very professional, without being stiff or snobby. everyone is so welcoming. elegance without arrogance is something that can be hard to come by, but this the staff here demonstrates it beautifully. guillaume at cafe antonia has helped us several times now. he is excellent.      most of the time i travel with my three year old. the le bristol is one of the best kid friendly hotels we have ever stayed in. some hotels will say they are kid friendly, but do little to live up to the reputation. le bristol raises the bar for a kid friendly hotel. when you check into your room a sweet stuffed bunny awaits you along with snacks. speciality kid friendly bathroom amenities include a tear free kids shampoo and soap set, a toddler size robe, and house shoes. the staff says hello to her and offers her a coloring book and colored pencils. they also have a playroom that is so cute and she adores playing there. livy always gets a little sad when it is time to check out and go home. the truth is so do i. i can't wait to come back and visit this exceptional hotel. if you ever have a chance to stay here, take it.
our paris stay ended with a bang since we decided to spend three nights at the bristol. i must admit i get a little bit jumpy whenever i have to stay at luxurious properties such as these, out of a fear of feeling that i don't belong. well, that was never the case at this hotel; in fact, as one previous reviewer wrote, what i really like about the place is that, while it oozes luxury, it also manages to make normal people like myself feel, well, normal.not much else needs to be said about the location, smack in the center of paris, in an area full of art galleries, chic stores and furniture shops, as well as restaurants that sometimes turn out to be much better value than expected. security is also tight due to the proximity of the elysée as well as embassies such as those of israel, united kingdom or japan; in fact, armed police is not an uncommon sight in the area, although that should not scare you off.from the moment you step into the hotel, politeness, professionalism and efficiency become the general rule. we were promptly escorted to our room by a very nice staff member, and were informed about all the hotel's facilities (sadly, the pool was undergoing renovations when we were there). the rest of the staff remained attentive and proactive throughout our stay.what can be said about the room? the hotel's webpage boasts about the fact that they are among the biggest in paris and i find it hard to deny that. ours was 50+ square meters,a refreshing departure from the usual matchboxes you find elsewhere. besides, according to the info provided by the hotel, each room features a different decoration: the one assigned to us was mostly pale blue, which contributed to a soothing atmosphere. the bed, bathroom and walk-in closet were enormous, and the room also had a working area and a seating area with a beautiful sofa; huge ceiling-to-floor windows although unfortunately there was no view to speak of in our case.common areas are stunning, with loads of marble, carpets and tasteful pieces of furniture. breakfast is served at the epicure café and is also up to the hotel's high level of efficiency and quality, although i myself must admit i tend to prefer buffet breakfasts over à la carte ones. one day, due to high occupancy, we had to be served at the hotel's lobby.le bar was probably our favorite spot, with a great, subdued, not-too-snobbish atmosphere and very good music to boot. the menu contained various drink offers, all of superb quality, and for beer drinkers like myself it was nice to come up with craft beer as opposed to the usual, bland industrial brands. cocktails were expertly prepared and prices were not that high for paris standards; we ended up spending hours every evening during our stay. above all, what made the bar so cozy was the staff, certainly the best we encountered, and given the hotel's top standards that is to say a lot.so all in all this hotel, in my opinion, deserves all the praise it gets. and i can't stress this highly enough: as i said, while it certainly is a luxurious and expensive (although that does not mean it is bad value) property, the human team also succeeds in making all the guests, no matter what their personal status is, feel welcome, pampered and part of the hotel, and few properties manage to achieve that.oh, and we got to meet the cats, of course!!!minor downsides, worth adressing in my opinion:-as i said, i prefer buffet breakfasts over à la carte options, although that is a matter of personal taste. that said, i found it a bit confusing to find out what was actually included in the hotel rate.-no free wifi in the 21st century? come on...
we stayed at this hotel as part of a summer trip with our two boys ages 12 and 15.  this is an old world parisian hotel that was established in 1925 with rich history and is considered the grande dame of paris hotels.  it is one of very few hotels in paris that was given 'the palace distinction',  which distinguishes such hotels from other five-star properties because of higher standards.  the hotel was renovated in 2004 which overhauled the 188 rooms and suites, which are all decorated in authentic 18th-century parisian style.  it is situated in the heart of the fashion, design, and art district and it is very convenient and centrally located.  we were greeted with hospitality and warmth upon arrival early and allowed to check in early which was great since we were tired from an overnight flight from new york.   we were upgraded to a corner deluxe junior suite interconnecting to a prestige room in the new wing of the hotel which is the corner building of avenue matignon and rue du faubourg saint-honoré.  the rooms were large and very spacious with lots of light.  they exuded with french history and charm and were impeccably maintained and very clean.  in fact the entire hotel while historic had a timeless elegance and was exceptionally maintained.  in the past we had stayed in george v which is very beautiful as well.  while we felt that that george v was a little bit more luxurious, we felt strongly that le bristol was very unique, charming and had a better location.  we tried their restaurant epicure which was epic and a must try.  we also tried le 114 faubourg which was good.  their breakfast was amazing and very elegant. all in all this was a great hotel with history and allure.  the kids also loved the cats!
"my daughter and i visited paris early february 2016 and stayed at le bristol paris.  first, the location cannot be beat.  it is within walking distance of the best shopping and landmarks in paris. the lobby is bright and inviting.  we were warmly welcomed at check in. the front desk manager was especially attentive and kept in touch during our stay.  my travel agent is a virtuoso member and one of amenities is a guaranteed upgrade upon booking.  we were in a deluxe room that had a view of the eiffel tower.  another valuable amenity when booking through virtuoso is breakfast included which we enjoyed daily. there are two michelin starred restaurants on site and the the food at the hotel is delicious.  very pricey, but great. don't miss the breakfast--either in room or in the dining room.  it is very civilized experience and beautifully presented.  the bar is ""clubby"" and a great place for a drink. our room was bright, large and traditionally decorated with great storage.  it was lovely.  the bathroom was fantastic.  beautiful marble, double sinks, bath with a separate rain shower.  the housekeeping staff is quite attentive but very zealous about arranging your belongings.  if there are items you do not wish touched, i suggest putting them in a closet behind doors.  the service at this hotel is some of the best i have experienced. the concierge desk was fantastic.  guiilame and stephen were beyond helpful.  both very charming, friendly and enjoyable to visit with. they both get 7 stars from us.  clement, a porter, noticed a bad wheel on my suitcase at arrival.  he pointed it out to me and offered to wait while i unpacked to take it to be repaired by the hotel engineers.  don't miss meeting fa-raon and kleopatre, the hotel cats.  they are very well known and definitely an ""extra"" bonus.   we enjoyed them very much. in my opinion le bristol is best hotel in paris.  a true classic in style and incomparable service.  it sets the bar very high.   a hotel can be beautiful, but the staff is what makes it special.  le bristol is just that.  special."
wonderfull weekend in paris even after the great shocking event with all these sad eventswe arrived in the hotel and were greeted by a very good check in as leading hotel of the world members we got a great upgrade with a nice bottle of sancerre as a compliment of the managementwhat a nice  hotel ofcourse we are not talking about price because this is still paris at is besta glass of champange in the bar for 32 euro is not for everybody but try it once for the difference and you are hooked alone allready for the athmosphere (best bar i n paris according to many )breakfast was a feast specially the fruitplatter for me 3 star michelin made and everything is nearby shopping and nice restaurants around the cornerdo not expect a big spa with a bog sauna or steambath, a small but decent swimmingpool but ala that is in the heart of paris not so important.for us is this hotel to enjoy in the public areas very important and to relax there with the nice vieuw onn the terrace gardendohave breakfast in  the 3 star michelin restauranthave a drink in the bar before dinnerlooks like people in the hotelbusiness in paris can be very nice great service
we're extremely pleased we picked le bristol over other 5-star hotels in paris as it has been one of the most memorable stay we've ever had.  the service is hands down top-notch.  from the front desk, concierge, room service, maid service, everything is perfect.  before we arrived at paris, i have tried to make a reservation at a restaurant which doesn't take booking via email or any on-line restaurant booking system.  i emailed the concierge team at le bristol and they informed me that whilst they have called, it was too early to make a reservation as they only take it 2 weeks before.  i thanked them and thought i would do it myself later when i arrive in europe.  to my surprise, i got a email in zurich that they have called and made the reservation for me!  i never expected them to remember to follow up but they did and that just amazed me.it's hard to describe but everyone at le bristol gave us a very warm feeling during our 7-night stay there.  the hotel is obviously very busy at all times but the staff are always smiling and never appear stressed out.  their service is efficient and we only need to call once for anything.  all my shopping were delivered to the hotel with nothing lost (we were told stuff was being stolen at some other 5-star hotesl..).  our deluxe room is spacious with a pretty large bathroom and despite facing the street it was not too noisy.  overall, it's a great hotel which makes you feel extremely safe and just like home.  we also dined at their 3-star restaurant which i will write a review separately but in short it was one of the most enjoyable meals we've had in paris, and one of our favorite now compared to other 3-star restaurants we have tried in the past.  definitely worth going.
more than taking in the great attractions of this magnificent city, a seasoned traveller to paris looks for a uniquely parisian experience and after our recent, too-brief sojourn in paris, le bristol paris will forever be an indelible part of our memory. staying in this hotel imparts a new definition of value. you forget what you paid for the room and the size of the check in its michelin 3-star restaurant, epicure, because you simply feel fortunate to be there. there were times we just wanted to hang around the hotel pretending to be lady and lord from a bygone era. i hardly need to say how conveniently the hotel is located with respect to the monuments and tony shops, or how impeccably clean and elegantly decorated the guest rooms and public areas are. in more important ways, le bristol gave us a true understanding of the meaning of the palace category of parisian hotels.  what sets le bristol paris apart from most of the five-star hotels in the world is the pervasive display of an attitude for striving to please its clients — from the concierge who was infinitely impatient in answering trivial questions to the cleaning staff who, in the midst of cleaning the floor, jumped up to press the button for us as we approached the lift. that kind of perfect attitude has to come about by tireless coaching from the very top and the management deserves high accolades. talk with jean-marie burlet, the chief of reception, and watch him interact with customers and employees and you will get some idea. even more amazing is that everyone on the hotel's staff seemed genuinely happy while working hard; that may be a trade secret of le bristol so i shall not ask how they have accomplished it.
we came to paris for our honeymoon and chose to stay at le bristol paris. from the first moment at the hotel to the very last our visit can be summarized by one word: perfection. we were greeted with utmost politeness and open arms. our room was very beautiful and tidy with windows facing the french garden. the hotel staff remembered our special occasion in various ways and treated us in the most friendly way. on our second night we dined at epicure and the quality of the food was just fantastic. the hostesses and waiters were true professionals. the attitude was professional, but not uptight.. rather relaxed and laid back. a+++++ score.good job everyone.. we will be back (especially my wife cannot wait to come there again)! -vele & taru
so, i’ve decided that from now on i only want to stay in hotels that have actual keys for the rooms.  there’s something so luxurious about having a hefty key in your hand.  when you pop out of the hotel you hand it to someone behind a desk who remembers your name every time you come back in.  i love le bristol.  it’s not an exaggeration to say it’s completely one of a kind – in fact, it’s a hotel that sits in it’s own class, a masterpiece.  it’s not just about the rooms, the décor or the gardens.  the food is exceptional – worth every penny.  the stellar point for me though, and the element which has made this three night trip so perfect, has been all of the staff.  every single interaction i’ve had with a member of staff (of all levels) has been superior to that of any hotel i’ve stayed in before.  not over the top, not intrusive but a good balance of polite, charming and engaging.  they are all on point and the management of the hotel should be very proud of what they’ve created.  our room was spotless, luxurious and wonderfully quiet – in fact each night we slept with the windows open because it was so peaceful (our room was overlooking the courtyard / garden).  i hadn’t been aware that le bristol was part of a wider group.  i’m now going to makesure that i visit all the oetker collection hotels if this is the exceptional standard of their properties.
most pictures on the web don't quite seem to do it justice. prior to arriving, i was rather skeptical as i'm not a fan of floral prints interior as they seem a little too old-fashioned for me. but when i checked in, then i realized the grandeur and rooms were huge by parisian standards. love the toiletries - they had hermes soap in hermes soap boxes :), love the b&o tele, and most importantly loved the very discreet service. the concierge was awesome too and got us a table at pierre gagnaire in very short notice.i'd prefer le bristol over plaza athenee - just my preference :)
it's a place to be experienced - not reviewed. because words can't convey genuine staff who cares for the guests in the way they do. thank you for making work trip feel like a holiday.i feel like writing a poem about how elegant and beautiful the place is.the breakfast is huge and caters even for people like me who don't eat breakfast - and that alone says a lot.
i tried bristol for first time after having staying at george v for almost 10 years. the comparison: physical beauty -- george v. views -- george v.  service -- comparable. atmosphere -- big winner bristol.  cappuccino/breakfast --george v, cappuccino @ le bristol hopeless. personal touch of staff -- big winner bristol. internet -- bristol/fastest internet of any hotel in world i think. while i think george v is prettier, i think service  has become too  institutional, another complaint -- majority of guests at george v from middle east/america. bristol was a great change with incredible personal service and atmosphere.super kudos to ariel -- front desk manager for incredible care.
, it was a very nice environment, i went with my friend last year  the staff was friendly and accommodating service was great. i would go again . definitely a great place................................
stayed with my wife for a weekend getaway, the whole experience was fantastic. the staff were all delightful and full of recommendations and expertise as to what was going on across the city. everything is catered for down to the last possible thought, and although it is obviously not cheap, we left feeling that the hotel is somewhere we would love to stay again.
this is our go to hotel in paris.  the service is exceptional, the location is amazing and the hotel is beautiful.  it's not cheap, but if you want a great experience in paris this is the spot.  i highly recommend this hotel
i just finish my holiday in france and i stayed in hotel le bristol it wsas very nice we tooked a room had vue to the yard we really enjoiyed it i wich come back their highly recommend to whole the traveleres
an apartment in la residence overlooking the most beautiful courtyard, stunning courteous service, a quiet location near everything in paris and a stunning gastronomique restaurant results in a super-luxury adventure…. as french people say jadoreeee this place..
with the wait for the ritz to reopen, the bristol is once again the only place to stay in paris, superb service and amazing from service, stayed in deluxe suites was great size esp for paris huge comfy beds and classic parisian style. perfect location and if staying around fashion  week always fun at to people watch at the  bar
have been stayed in a few nice hotels in paris including le meurice and four seasons george v, but i can definitely say there is no parallel to le bristol, so far. this hotel has very unique identity which had made itself as a superb hotel worthy of the name.all the staffs here treat their guest with warm heart, never stick to forms. most of the staffs whom i encountered already knew what my name was and even when my birthday was. i wish i could go back to my 'parisian home'!!
i have stayed in this hotel in the last few years nine times and every time it just gets better ,well spoken staff ,clean rooms ,great food ,and without doubt one the top european hotels for communicating with a deaf person , i can not tell you how great this hotel is ok just stay
its just wow, wow, wow. the hotel is everything you ever wanted, 5 star restaurant, really big big suites, lovely garden, friendly staff, hotel cats and a reception that will invite you home because they really care. one had gone to school in norway and could speak a bit norwegian, thats just amazing.i had the time of my life, eat the most expensive meal of my life, had the best breakfast in my life and nothing will ever be as great and grand as le bristol ever again.its on my bucket list to come back!thank you to everyone at le bristol, you all deserve praise and glory.
i booked a night at le bristol hotel in paris as a surprise for my wife's 50th birthday.  i am so glad that i did because our one night at le bristol was truly memorable and was probably the best hotel experience either of us has ever had.  every aspect of the stay, from the moment we stepped out of the taxi to the moment we left to go home, was wonderful.  every member of staff we met was not just courteous and polite, but genuinely friendly.  we were thrilled to be upgraded to a junior suite and it was lovely also to find that we could enjoy a free cocktail at the beautiful bar.  our suite was magnificent - spacious, perfectly decorated, great toiletries in the 2 bathrooms, a lovely dressing room - and some petits fours to enjoy as well.  we have been really spoilt by this short trip and it is hard to imagine wanting to stay anywhere else when we next visit paris.  i can't recommend le bristol highly enough.
"every stay at the bristol is always perfect in every way, whether it's the exceptional courtesy and efficiency of the check-in staff, or the beautifully-appointed rooms, or the phenomenal food and service at the bristol's restaurants, or the hotel's location. if you want to feel as though you have ""died and gone to heaven,"" then book a room or suite at the bristol."
"the moment we walked throught the doors of le bristol, we were transformed.  we were greeted warmly and the friendly and gracious staff took care of every need we had. they gave us a tour of the lovely facilities, a classical parisian hotel combining opulence with warmth, and giving you the feel of staying at a very wealthy relatives amazing home.  we were traveling with our teens, and were provided with beautiful spacious adjoining rooms.  the decor in each was different, yet both were charming and relaxing.  the closets were large and well designed, with ample room for clothes and luggage storage.  the room amenities were fantastic from the soft, cozy robes and slippers, to the heated towel racks, and the ipods with various genres of music to play in the room or with headphones.  the concierge provided us with itineraries to meet our needs ( we only had 3 days in paris and wanted to experience it all!)   we were celebrating our anniversary, so one night we came home to rose petals covering our bed, a bottle of champagne, roses in vases throughout our room, and a bath drawn with rose petals and candle light.  so very romantic, and extremely thoughtful. the location was terrific, steps away from the champs-élysées yet on a quieter and less touristy street, a street known for their elegant boutiques and cafes. breakfast at the hotel was a treat-- gracious service, delicious food, all in a  luxiouriously beautiful, yet comfortable and casual, dining area.  the tariff was steep, but well worth the price. we all agreed that le bristol is on our ""must do again"" list."
i like this hotel and i wil come back soon to stay again because i can t change this hotel anymore...the staff is excellent ...the room is clean and the location is perfect...i like the quality of bad.
a very special week at this hotel for my birthday!   impeccable service throughout from the concierge desk to housekeeping to the beautiful breakfast room and tea time area.we also enjoyed their new bistro 114. the food was excellent!beautiful pool at the top of the building with a magnificent view! a bathing suit dryer could be a nice addition.it was a wonderful stay!
just stay a couple of nights there but was very happy with my choice and would certainly come back. great hotel very well situated, friendly and pro staff. clean. i recommend without any hesitation...
our stay at hotel le bristol was simply amazing. while we have been lucky enough to have visited a number of exceptional hotels, none comes close to rivalling our experience at le bristol. having arrived early, we did not expect our room to be ready. we were upgraded and advised that the room would be ready shortly. fifteen minutes (and a complementary tea and hot chocolate) later, we were escorted to our room. we are members of the lhw, but even so the lovely fruit, champagne, wine, gift and ambience far exceeded our expectations!this stay was for our honeymoon, and the hotel could not have done more to make us feel special. the staff were all excellent. the food was consistently brilliant.one suggestion would be the addition of a dryer for swimwear in the pool changing rooms - a very minor point but an improvement that would make packing far easier after a swim!i wholeheartedly recommend hotel le bristol.
stayed there for 8 nights as part of a business project. the service is excellent, rooms are spacious and the room service was perfect. safe in the room for your valuables, la prairie shower gel in the huge bathroom, hair dryer. superb quality.
my wife and i celebrated her birthday with a trip to paris.  a friend had recommended le bristol most highly.  when we arrived the desk clerk told us we had been upgraded to a suite at no extra charge.  throughout our stay everyone on the staff from the manager on down was exceedingly friendly and helpful.  they welcomed us as if we were on our tenth visit rather than our first.  their restaurants offered the finest food and superb service.  and if you like cats you can keep your eye open for the two house cats.  we have never been treated so well at any other hotel.
..everything is perfect .each room is impeccably maintained and beautifully decorated.the staff are nice, very welcoming and polite. they all worked hard to make our stay memorable, palatial and gracious. the hotel may be expensive but it is worth every penny.
we spent a superb weekend here. excellent service including a 'surprise' every day; the first one being an upgrade to a suite. we tried the one star restaurant and were duly impressed. we would love to have tried the three star but no time as well as a shopping spree on the rue st honore! do go there!
my wife and i spent three nights at le bristol in october 2004. the hotel oozes luxury, comfort, taste and efficiency. everything happens when and how it should and you cannot fault the staff. nothing is too much trouble for them and they will pamper you in a courteous but friendly and relaxed manner; you don't feel overwhelmed or patronised. the general atmosphere is superb and the food is outstanding. go for at least a junior suite if you can get it. however, this is the sort of hotel where you could easily find yourself dining at a table next to that of a movie star, a tennis star or just a plain, old fashioned millionaire and that is reflected in the prices. it is probably the most expensive hotel we have ever stayed at - and i've spent much of my life travelling on a company expense account. as an example, dinner for two in the restaurant, with less than a bottle of wine between us, cost €450 (i.e. for just one meal) and the suite was €1000 per night. so the important thing is to approach a stay at the hotel le bristol in the spirit of 'hang the expense'. you'll not regret it.
we arrived at the front desk and from there le bristol took over. i have never been received in any hotel as well as my wife and i were by gabrielle. her welcome alone made the stay worthwhile. from there things only got better. the concierge desk was tremendous. before we checked in they inquired as to our needs and when we arrived they insured everything was correct and made some excellent recommendations on what we should do while in paris. late evening cocktails in the bar are a fantastic way to end any evening. our waitress (can't remember her name) was funny, clever, helpful and truly seemed to care about us. i have left the best for last... never having had the pleasure of eating at a three star michelin restaurant i wasn't exactly sure what to expect- well epicure is a dining experience that is not to be missed.  everything about this experience was better than imagined.whomever said that french service can leave a little something to be desired has not stayed at hotel le bristol.
i stayed here for three nights and had a lovely experience. the staff was graceful and sincerely kind, making an effort to make our time in paris the best it could be. we wanted to try epicure, the in-house restaurant, given its ratings. each time we walked by reception, we'd see if there was any availability. on our final day, they called us over with a huge smile, letting us know we had reservations that evening. the concierge made us other restaurant reservations with ease and had many suggestions for places to see and things to do in the vicinity of our arrondissement. they were quick to write us notes and give us maps, without second thought. they truly remembered your name and face every time you walked by, which added a personal touch. one late night, a four year old girl knocked on our door in search of her father (we later found he was at the bar) and within a minute of our call to the front desk, someone was there to tend to the situation.the lobby was nicely decorated with a holiday tree and the atmosphere was warm, sophisticated, and open. the hotel rooms were a bit of a maze but you certainly feel like you are in an art museum the entire way. the rooms are simple and humble relative to the rest of the hotel but the bathrooms were amazingly large and nice.
in our opinion it is also the best hotel in europe! we stayed for two nights and from the moment you alight from your taxi at the front door you are greeted by name from every member of the hotel's friendly, capable and multilingual staff. this hotel is operated in the classic tradition of hotel keeping yet is not stuffy or intimidating. you will love 'fa-raon', the hotel's white cat from burma who always occupies the most comfortable vacant chair in the hotel's beautiful lobby.there is a multitude of fresh flowers, arranged in traditional bouquets, only flowers in-season are used and the hotel's superb croissants are baked fresh every 30 minutes throughout the day..  just some of the touches of the hand behind this hotel masterpiece. yes, the title 'best hotel in europe' is well deserved.
the best hotel we have ever stayed at, hotel le bristol is off the charts!!!  we went there to celebrate our 25th anniversary and what a very special place this is!  from the time we stepped onto the sidewalk doormen greeted us, addressing us by name,how did they who we are..they know!  the head concierge, sonia, greeted us every morning with a new map of paris and plotted out for us a wonderful all-day walking tour of the sites of paris!  she also made us restaurant reservations every night at the most spectacular places, every evening we would enter the peacock bar in the lobby and once again were greeted by the most delightful staff.  we grew to love the head bartender maxime who was just lovely to us!  our room was beautiful with luxury furnishings.  it overlooked the spectacular courtyard and we looked out to see sacre coeur every day in the horizon!  the best part of our stay was meeting ms. leah marshall, the hotel manager, who was the most warm and welcoming and personable woman we've ever met.  she celebrated our anniversary with over-the-top surprises for us!!  this is the only place we will ever stay in paris...we will be back!
"we just returned from our first trip to paris where we were fortunate to book our stay at the le bristol.  we found the hotel through tripadvisor, then booked through american express fine hotels.  booking through amex gave us a room upgrade and continental breakfast (the breakfast alone saved us 100 euro/day). while wifi is not included as part of the amex package (25 euro/day), amex is now offering (platinum card) members free boingo wifi service, and le bristol happens to be a boingo site, so we did have free wifi during our stay! (thanks amex!)location is perfect (for us).  we were unfamiliar with paris prior to our visit, as it turns out, the hotel is located on the main ""boutique"" shopping street (hermes, et al).  the hotel le bristol is as much known for the hotel as it's michelin star restaurant, epicure.  unfortunately we did not have the opportunity to dine at epicure this trip - it's definitely on our bucket list for our next visit. when you arrive, one of the staff will greet you and give you a tour of the hotel, and as others haven noted, the concierge(s) are outstanding.our observations/tips are: 1.  we visited in early august, keep in mind that most of europe is on holiday mid-july to mid-august; and most of the hotels (including the le bristol) do their construction work during this period.  one of the days we were there, they were doing some jack-hammering just outside the hotel - which was extremely loud.2.  definitely book the hotel through amex (if you have the card) to take advantage of the room upgrade and continental breakfast.3.  if you are traveling during the summer (holiday) months, keep in mind many of the smaller boutiques, and restaurants may be closed.  we mostly dined at cafes during our stay - so this was not a problem for us."
i was looking for a luxury hotel, and i could not have picked any better. the staff were impeccably well mannered, courteous and very informative. cuisine was superb quality. was able to enjoy the beautiful courtyard garden in the excellent weather. the room was complete luxury - didn't really want to leave it for the sightseeing. but when i did - the hotel is very conveniently located. fantastic city hotel.  could easily have spent more time here.
i don't speak french and staying in a parisian hotel can be a little daunting. hotel le bristol is set a short walk from the louvre and a longer walk from the marais district and the champ. the convenience of the location is one bonus: the staff and their impeccable english and their helpfulness is the other. i enjoyed this hotel very much. staff were also helpful in organising a babysitter (a very friendly english speaking nanny). only complaint: the stairs! the stairs going up and down the floors seem to be heirlooms of the hotel. not quite long enough for the modern foot, and age has caused them to tilt forward. i slipped twice, and very cautiously descended after that!
this remains the gold standard luxury hotel in paris. service is impeccable, the bar is very swank and the restaurant a michelin 3-star. well situated in the middle of paris. worth it whenever you're ready to splurge.
couldn't fault in any way.staff courteous and helpful.rooms great.food very tasty and well presented. great place to be. felt like a princess and not at all out of place even though i was on my own. felt very relaxed and well looked after
it’s been a little over a year since i’ve had a chance to be in paris and at the bristol, but when pulled up it was like never having been gone.entering the understated lobby is calming.  none of the steely-eyed security that lurks behind the potted plans in some palace hotels or kinetic energy that frazzles others.  just calm and understatement.le bristol’s guest records are as good as their greeting as we were shown the room we have had in the past and told, “welcome home”.the junior suite was big by any standards and gigantic by paris. it was clean and crisp and had plugs above each night table so i did not have to pull out extension cords and crawl under tables to plug in my i-phones.  the bath was equally big and comfortable and even had a wicker chair.sitting in the secluded garden for lunch and drinks on nice may afternoons hearing, the fountains lightly gurgle made one feel in a special place. and then there is the pool.  it may be small but where else can one swim and gaze at montemarte.to me only 2 small points separated our stay from perfection. firstly i am not smarter than the average thermostat. i know that i like my rooms at 19c during the day and 21c at night.  the thermostat, unlike most hotel thermostats, was impossible for me to decipher with its maze of symbols and i spent one night with the windows open and the street noise, as i could make the room cooler.secondly, at my home we do not charge our guests for wi-fi.  even starbucks provides free wi-fi. at e$1,300 per night why nickel and dime.  if accounting wants higher yields raise the price to e$1,325 and give free wi-fi. i had the same complaint in my last posting; the effect was that the price was raised.with the ritz and crillon soon to reopen part of me says let’s see what they have done to restore their grandeur but part of me says when you have already found near perfection why go elsewhere.…..unless they offer free wi-fi!
stayed at le bristol for 3 nights 10th -13th april (junior suite 520) to celebrate an anniversary.all i can say is that it was a simply fantastic experience and the memory of our stay will stay with us for a long time. what's the secret of this hotel? well it has one of the best restaurants i have ever been in ( epicure) and the building is charming and the room we had beautiful but what really makes the difference is the staff. everyone we met went out of their way to go the extra mile and the service quite simply differentiates the hotel from other similar priced top end hotels. yes it is expensive but so is paris. i couldn't afford to go back often but nest time we go to paris i will save up to stay here again because staying here will enhance your stay in this great city.thank you to everyone at le bristol, stunning.
my husband and i stayed at hotel bristol for the first time.  we loved it, primarily for the outstanding friendliness of the staff and the service.  every single staff person we encountered spoke fluent english.   the bar is lovely and the director of the hotel goes out of her way to make guests feel welcome -- even when they are in their running clothes! the location is safe and convenient, and the croissants are the best in paris! the only constructive feedback is the hardness of the beds, the struggling air conditioning, however the positives outweigh the negatives by far-- we will be back!
the other reviews say it all. it is a lovely experience to stay here. they are a very friendly, attentive and helpful bunch of people for whom nothing is too much trouble. it's a lovely building too with great rooms and all kept in very good order. yes, it's expensive and you pay high prices for almost everything (wi-fi, breakfast, room service etc) but overall, there can't be many better hotels in paris, or far further afield either.  i am very pleased we chose le bristol for an amazing four day visit to paris. make sure you go to the excellent bar whilst there. heartily recommended. the whole experience is really.
we stayed here for 4 nights from march 23rd to march 27th. 2 rooms, with our young adult children.i will not rehash all of the amazing things said about the hotel but will only add that this is clearly the absolute best hotel that we have stayed at in paris. over the years, we had stayed at other comparable hotels in terms of ratings, but this is head and shoulders above the rest.we had a junior suite with an adjoining room. could have not been more posh or better situated. if you have the opportunity, stay here and enjoy the professionalism of an amazing hotel. we also ate at 114 and it was excellent.
we stayed at hotel bristol for six nights during early april. our room was comfortable, the location ideal and the staff outstanding. for my birthday they sent a chocolate mousse cake to our room (they must have noted the date when they took my passport). then, when i finished a spa treatment they gave me a scented candle and said happy birthday!  we can't wait to return.
"i was with a group of women who went for a hot-chocolate tasting.  we called it ""haute chocolate,"" which means ""fashionably elegant"" which is how we felt. we sat around a coffee table and our server was gracious throughout our afternoon and didn't rush us  the chocolate was hot, thick and creamy.  we loved how our server poured it into our cups very artfully.  by the way, this hotel is where ""midnight in paris"" was filmed.  we took a tour of the grounds and saw a resident cat.  it was 12 euros each, a bargain in paris.  go, just for the experience."
we enjoyed every minute of our stay...hotel facilities, rooms, staff, food, experience overall was just amazing! nothing was too much to ask for, everyone very polite, attentive and professionala must do once in your lifetime.
"i stayed at le bristol for a very special birthday celebration with my 6 year old daughter. originally, i believe that  a standard or deluxe room had been booked for me which already would have been more than delightful. from the moment we arrived we were treated like royalty, everyone knew my daughter's name. to my surprise we were whisked up to a gorgeous roof top suite with a view of the eiffel tower and a birthday cake ready waiting for me. the walls were done in fabric and it felt like an apartment. it was exactly my taste, everything right down to the mansarded ceilings.( i found out later that my friend had called the reception and given them a couple hints on what style i like, obvisously they took note and passed the word on to top management). jasmine, the lovely manager that showed me our suite, told us that this was the only suite in the hotel with these colours and this layout. it was truly unique. she invited to make ourselves at home and that the management of the hotel wanted us to enjoy this special gift on their behalf. i almost cried, it was such a moving experience for me. my daughter felt like a princess. our first mission was to go to the pool for a swim. we arrived there and had the whole pool to ourselves. gorgeous rooftop pool with an incredible view of sacre ceour. when we came down for dinner we were greeted by one of the top managers herself. florence walked right over to us and knew our names. she was so kind and really seemed to want to assure that we were happy ( how couldn't we be?).in the morning we were greeted with our breakfast order, right on time, with all the trimmings. my daughter is sure that that is the best hot chocolate in paris,""better than angelina's"". we had another swim in the pool, once again, the space was all to ourselves. then a massage at the spa, they even gave me a la prairie gift for my birthday. i could go on forever...from what i could see le bristol is like an ultra luxury boutique hotel, from the unique rooms and suites personalized friendly service and the wonderful facilities.my stay was magic! thank you to the whole team for an unforgettable experience!!"
hotel le birstol really is superb! i had a two night stay whilst in paris for business, having stayed there once before 2 years previously, which was an equally superb experience. on arrival at the hotel, i was greeted like a long lost friend, the check-in formalities were dealt with promptly, and i was in my room with my luggage within a couple of minutes. superb. the room was delightful - tasteful and elegant, with all the amenities and functionality that one requires. during my first full day in paris, i was coming and going to and from the hotel for meetings, etc, and was never interrupted by housekeeping, yet the room was always made-up or turned-down at the right time. on my second evening, i had a magnificent dinner at epicure.i was sorry to leave, but was helped to my car and waved off by the senior staff.having previosuly stayed at other palatial hotels in paris, le bristol really is the best - the most friendly, the most elegant, and the most comfortable. it probably is the best city hotel in the world, and certainly the most firendly. i can't wait to return with my family!
once you have stayed at le bristol you will always want to return and feel like you are home again. the staff are unsurpassable in sincere respect and professional service and all so effortless it seems. never any attitude that one might find elsewhere in paris. i love le meurice, the ritz, the plaza athenae, and the george v , but le bristol edges these out slightly in my mind in incremental minutia to overall give an outstanding hotel experience. the rooms are very large per category. classic sophisticated french design (that is hard to understand by internet photos) in the bedrooms with pristine white marble bathrooms that are huge by paris standards (also true at georgev). each room if different in design with luxurious fabrics ...my last was done in a beautiful blue esquisite fortuny ,corner room with perfect eiffel tower view. breakfast in le jardin is a most special way to start every morning with again, perfect service. the food is the best you will ever have in any hotel. i gave a birthday party for 8 in the restaurant epicure that lasted 3 hours and was everyones best luncheon: food,wine, and again ,service. the public rooms are so perfectly designed to allow one to walk around and enjoy the fine antiquities and beautiful floral arrangements as if you were in your on palace...all so sensible. i love the newly redone bar that is so chic you want to sit there and take in your surroundings and the glamorous people you can only imagine who they are and why they are in paris at le bristol. the staff will greet you by your name most likely . concierge has always worked wonders for last minute planners such as myself and will make sure you are taken care of whatever you do ( but do drop them an email with requests) . le bristol becomes a state of mind with your stay and will create memories to add to the city of lights , the most romantic grand city in the world. bon voyage
beautiful, fantastic, perfect hotel!  from the elegant lobby, to the most amazing private garden in the heart of paris, to the marble bathroom and spacious bedroom.  this hotel is a jewel, service is flawless, meals are to die for.
excellent service.  i have to mention irina at the front desk, who welcomed me to the hotel with huge smile from the heart.  dominique and helene at the concierge, who bent over backwards to help me and my team decide on and organise a suitable venue for an evening meal - which turned out to be an excellent choice (bateaux parisien)the vast majority of the staff in this very beautiful hotel are exceptionally warm and helpful. of course, there were one or two exceptions who, without being outright rude, were barely keeping up the appearances of being kind and helpful, but they are absolutely not worth a mention in the context of the general atmosphere of the hotel and the very high standards of cleanliness, beauty and customer service.i chose this venue for a board meeting consisting of directors from different parts of the world, and they were all very pleased with the choice.
hotel has a two star restaurant and a one star bistro.  the bistro is where we had dinner, food and service were amazing.  retired to one of the bars afterwards which had a great atmosphere and a dj spinning discs on the decks.  film star treatment from start to finish, i believe this is where mr beckham holed up whilst at psg.  pity the rolls royce (think thunderbirds) sitting outside wasn't for us when we left but we can dream.  only negative was the prices, e.g. 26 euros for a g&t will give you an idea, but you get what you pay for and the fact that we came away feeling we hadn't been overcharged says it all.
my boyfriend surprised me with a weekend away in paris, and this is the hotel he booked for us due to the high trip advisor ranking. i am pleased to say it was the right choice.from the moment we arrived we were welcomed by friendly staff members. check in was quick and the receptionist gave us a tour of the hotel and took us to our room, before our luggage was brought up.the room was huge with the biggest bed i have seen in my life! the bathroom was gorgeous and filled with great complimentary products including mouthwash, cotton wool pads and rose petals for sprinkling in the bath! we had a personal welcome message and also water and dried fruit was left out for us.i had the best 2 nights sleep ever, the room was so quiet you could hear a pin drop!the breakfasts were amazing, we had the most basic continental breakfast which was a lovely selection of pastries, fresh fruit juice and hot drinks. seriously you must try the hot chocolate, it is the nicest i have ever tasted.the location is great, just a few minutes walk to the champs elysees and near to metro stations.the pool is lovely with a great rooftop view of paris and a steam room.if i had to make any criticisms i would say it is very disappointed to have to pay for wifi given the cost of the rooms. it would also be nice to have hot drink making facilities in the room. we loved the turndown service with our pyjamas laid out for us, but it would have been a nice touch to maybe have a chocolate or something left on the pillow? again when you are paying these sorts of prices it would be nice to have some extra little touches.we were disappointed not to get the chance to meet the hotel's resident cat! maybe next time!
a place i have stayed in a few times with family dating all the way back to the late eighties as a toddler. le bristol is a bit like real paris in terms of the hotels it competes with being more like the champs eleeyses. this whole establishment oozes class and old world charm. at 1000 usd a night i would not choose it myself, but if you want to spend that kind of money on a hotel than go for it, this one is one of the few that is actually worth it. the rooftop pool is really cool, and so are the huge rooms and the fact that its been like a top hotel for the last 25 years that i have visited.
"it is somewhat hard to review a 5 star palace hotel, but let me say that i thought it was a great place to stay,but wasn't ""blown away"". the room was beautiful...and the evening meal in their #1 rated restaurant was absolutely the best of all the meals we ate. however, the lobby seemed designed more for the business person than the vacationer. great service, but lots of comings and goings. a little sparse. the people were great. we were there 5 notes and had plenty of opportunity to enjoy the hotel. btw, the location is excellent for shopping"
"great hotel. best in paris in my opinion. i chose this as a base for a weekend in paris to propose. right from checkin the hotel staff go out of their way to please you. everyone was fabulous. service is second to none. we weren't lucky enough to get to eat in the main restaurant as it was fully booked though we dined in 114 which is part of the hotel and also a michelin star restaurant. it's the baby brother of the main 3 michelin star restaurant that i am sure ill visit on my next stay.so 114 - great food. service a little lower than rest of hotel. the bar in the main area of the hotel is a great place for coffee or a drink as well as breakfast or lunch. the service here is also great, we were really looked after. we stayed in a suite on the 3rd floor. room was really nice, lots of space and comfortable. in room tv and system was great too - with ipod controls for all devices.didn't enjoy paying additional for wi-fi on £1000 eur a night room tho connectivity was a must so i did! partner used the  spa and really enjoyed it. the pool on the 6th floor is lovely with views of the sacre coer and eiffel tower from the pool which also has a lovely roof terrace area. will definitely return, all was wonderful. so i won't mention that we had an ant in our drink served in the michelin star restaurant as things like that happen, right? we laughed about it. and after dinner we went for a walk and she said ""yes"" ! so looking forward to our next visit already!"
this hotel combines style with truly warm spot on hospitality!we stayed 3 nights and will certainly be making it our home in paris.perfect location, beautiful hotel, superb bars and restaurant but most special was the personalized service!keep it up guys.
rarely do i find a hotel with the the excellent reviews this hotel has on tripadvisor living up to the ratings.  lebristol, for us, not only met them, but exceeded them.  everyone who worked there was glad  you were there and ready to help anyway they could.  for example, i asked the doorman where i could find macaroons.  to make sure i got there safely, he literally walked me part of the way there,  until the store was in eye sight, so i had no chance of getting lost.  when i read other people's reviews, especially when they are all excellent, i wonder if it can all be true.  before i wrote this review i read several others, and i can honestly say that they all match our experience.
stayed here every time i've ever been to paris- and have always loved it. the restaurant is so good you don't need to worry about the rest of the average brasserie dining in and around the city- perfectly located in the centre of the city and the rooms are divine. book a suite- it's always worth it. staff are refreshingly polite- lovely in fact- which is such a relief from the usually malpolie everywhere else in la belle paris. great place- recommend it highly.
we have stayed at the bristol on 4 occasions and the level of service and detail cannot be bettered. epicure, their signature restaurant, is a delight. the staff are unfailingly helpful and happy to store some luggage whilst we are away briefly elsewhere. on this occasion we had a junior suite and that was to say the least spacious.
truly superb hotel that surpassed out already high expectations. we stayed here for our first two nights of our honeymoon and were treated to an experience we will never forget. the service is incredible and really sets this hotel apart. for example my wife cannot eat wheat, and although we did not inform the hotel management we did tell he waiter at epicure restaurant. the next morning breakfast was served on our terrace with a selection of fresh wheat free breads and pastries. the waiter took the time and effort to make sure we enjoyed out stay even after our meal.epicure was a truly excellent gastronomic experience- with plenty of nice touches and surprises... it's expensive but easily worth it!
i recently stayed at the le bristol hotel and truly can say my stay was magical.  from jean marie at reception checking me in to the service and the promptness of the staff.  drinks in the new bar was a treat and the lunch in the jardin was delicious. the room service was indeed the best i can recall, food and presentation and promptness.  my second stay here and certainly not my last..oh, i did not mention the spa and the fantastic indoor pool.  what a find in the center of paris.run, don't walk to this hotel. in my opinion 6 star hotel....
need. pit stop from museums?  yes, they are wonderful, but for something different, high-tail it to high tea and runway fashion at the bristol.  elegant and delicious,this is a memory maker that cannot be duplicated. not always available, check ahead, but this beautiful hotel's lo is a chic setting in which to imbibe champagne, tea and other finger foods while watching the let dernier cri pass by.  pricey, but worth it!
love the bristol - rooms are beautifully decorated, staff is very attentive though when arriving it can be a bit chaotic especially if it is raining or snowing!the lounge bar is a lovely place to enjoy a drink and chat away till dawn.
we stayed at hotel le bristol in paris for four nights in late may this year and were treated like royalty!  not only the hotel manager, but the manager and coordinator of guest relations went out of their way to make our stay at this wonderful hotel extremely enjoyable and great fun!  they have an artful way of making their guests feel special and cared for, and we certainly did.  they totally spoiled us by giving us so much attention and by taking an individual interest in us.that is not all - the restaurants, epicure and 114 faubourg, were absolutely fabulous in terms of both the quality of the food and the service. simply put, our stay at the hotel le bristol was the best hotel experience we have ever had!whenever we do get back to paris, we will definitely be staying at the hotel le bristol!
the hotel is extremely well located at the heart of business and shopping and classic paris.the service is suberb without too much pampering (just right). the rooms are spacious and the linen is of top quality.spotless cleaning, new carpet, sheets and towels.bathroom is new but classic. large and well equipped. faultless. probably the top hotel in paris.
i confess to never having stayed at the plaza athenee, charles v, or the ritz, and while i doubt that le bristol is on the exact same level as these renowned locales, it is definitely in the same ballpark, and was excited to break into this category of property.the hotel is located in the faubourg st honoree, the heart of the posh 8th arrondisement of paris. general décor is classic, red and gold, but not too stuffy or overbearing. the welcome was effusive and verbose, and i wonder if every guest gets the same treatment. i was given a tour of the ground floor lobby, restaurant, and bar, and then escorted to my room for a full rundown of features (here you hang your coat, here you put your bags, here you connect to the internet), by a very elegant, tall, parisian woman. also to note is a stylishly-renovated glass and wrought iron elevator (serving the main building), which i think is a great example of propelling old fashioned equipment into the 21st century. (or it was brand new, and did a good job of fooling me into thinking it was ancient.)i stayed in the annex (new building) in a regular room, which was well sized and with tall ceilings, but was somewhat lacking in proportion. indeed, there was a chandelier, sofa, and coffee table, which were all very nice, but somehow it all didn't sum up to make things cozy. the bathroom was extremely large and well lit, but had two faults: vile anne simonin amenities, and a shower which took me half an hour to figure out how to turn on. i admit these are both completely subjective. i cannot stand the intense lemon/verbena scent of anne simonin products. (it seems in paris you’re stuck with either this, or hermes eau d’orange vert, which is also too strong for me. i know they are both luxury brands, but just not at all to my taste). and as for the elusive shower tap, you can attribute that to bad design, or my lack of hand and eye coordination.the hotel has a pool and sauna, a rarity for central paris. these are things which i find extremely important, and am usually resigned to go without them when staying in the french capital. i was disappointed that the sauna (aka hammam) was being repaired while i was there, but did get 30 mins of swim time in the fairly small pool. another small bonus was that from the rooftop location, you can peek into the neighbouring flats on each side of the hotel building, and can thus see how real parisians start their day.as expected, room and services (breakfast, internet, afternoon tea) are expensive. there was no tea or coffee service in the room, but bottled water and fruit were provided. while i cannot criticize this given the type of hotel we’re dealing with, the cost of extended stays would bite a bit too much. i’d be happy to return for a day, and especially a weekend, but see le bristol as a luxurious treat, and not the regular accommodation for a business traveler with a week of work in paris.
i've stayed at le bristol in paris for 4 days with my wife. the hotel has a unique atmosphere with an outstanding service! since the first day all the staff team called me by my name and they're with a large smile on their faces. the terrace suite was everything we dream of... 2 distinctive bathrooms with white marble, a terrace larger than 60sqm, a living room, 2 closets, a master bedroom and hi speed internet made our staying even better. the la prairie soap and body cream together with hermès conditioner and shampoo are everything every woman would love! besides that, the included breakfast was excellent with several alternatives (my recommendation is for the truffle eggs). of course everything has its price and to have all this luxury you will definitively have to spend more money than any other hotel in the city. i used to stay at plaza athenee every time i go to paris and after staying at le bristol it will be my first pick at paris.
i've stayed in everything from a royal suite to a regular room and thought they were each and every one of rooms comfortable and so good.i'd like the service of bristol staff has always been friendly and helpful.it's expensive but as for me bristol is the best location in ideal paris.
i stayed at the bristol over the easter week end and i must say it was an amazing experience. the hotel staff was so nice and extremely competent, they attended our every need. the concierge was able to find us a train ticket to angouleme at the last minute and took care of everything as they did during our whole stay. it was truly a memorable week end and i recommend it to anyone who might be hesitating with maybe the shangrila or the mandarin oriental for instance as you ll really have the spirit of paris at the bristol which is harder to believe you ll get at any other similar 5 stars. but, yes there s always a but! the only downside is that at the bar they have garlic everywhere !! but other than that the food is of course soooo good enjoy your stay !
i too, was motivated to write in by some recent poor reviews on this site. i've stayed all over the world as well as at other palace hotels in paris. this property is a magical, special place with a special charm that is different than other hotels in its class. the bristol is instantly welcoming and strives every minute to meet your expectations. rather than try to impress you with its gold and gilt (though there is plenty of that too!) the hotel feels like a private residence run by the most competent staff in the world. the recent renovations are are absolutely top rate. absolutely highest rating. special mention to elias in customer relations who went above and beyond and francois at the concierge desk.
having visited le bristol previously, we were persuaded to return and the hotel was all that we could have hoped for and more.the hotel was very clean and everyone was very friendly.  there were a number of celebrities staying at the hotel whilst we were there (including david beckham) and i was concerned that we might find ourselves being obviously second in line to them but this was not the case.  on the contrary, we were made to feel as though we were the special guests who had come to stay. i hesitate to single any member of staff out for the quality of service we received, as that may suggest (incorrectly) that the unmentioned staff were not on the same par.  however, jean-françois on the concierge desk was exceedingly helpful and gave us excellent directions (even if we ran out of luck when we followed them!) and stéphanie was also fantastic, managing to save the day on more than one occasion – like locating a camera which we could borrow as i had forgotten mine. the suite we stayed in was very spacious, clean and furnished in character with the hotel as a whole.  we could see the eiffel tower from it which made our stay more magical and romantic (which is hard to achieve with two children in tow.)  we also had a dvd player in the lounge and bedroom.  there was plenty of drawer space available.  (travelling with two young children, it often seems to be the case that, whilst there is plenty of hanging space, there is a lack of shelves/drawers for the children’s clothes.)  we chose to take meals in our room – a lot more relaxing with a two year old.  the food was excellent and presented beautifully.  we had to wait no longer than if we had been in the restaurant and the food was still piping hot when it came.  we very much appreciated all the little extras. i definitely think that we should come back to this hotel – if only to make sure that the service we received this time is in fact the norm!  my husband will always remember his 50th birthday treat (as will i) for all the right reasons.
le bristol provides even the frequent traveller with an experience of unique elegance, excellence, friendliness, and consistency in all areas.  the hotel is beautiful, the staff is uniformly kind, competent and enthusiastic, everything works like a charm and the overall experience is unmatched.  what leah marshall and her team produce every day is remarkable -- far, far better than the ritz or cinque.  make a special effort to stay here; in paris, don't consider staying anywhere else!
we had a lovely stay at le bristol. the hotel upgraded our room to a junior suite. the tea room was lovely, as was the bar. my only criticism is that the room was cold. it was a cold weekend and it was snowing a lot outside.  i had the heating on fully blast but i was still cold and had to ask for a hot water bottle at night. the staff were very helpful and obtained one for me.....the staff were unfailingly attentive....my only thought on the staff is that i actually like to treat them as equals and i don't enjoy service which is overly deferential. great hotel. very very stylish.
hotel le bristol is my favourite hotel in paris. it's one of my favourite hotels in europe for that matter.  whereas georges v is too over-the-top with its gold and marble, the ritz paris is just dreadful and le crillon is like a mausoleum, le bristol is just right.  great location, understated excellence and the best french onion soup (room service only) you'll ever try.  the restaurant is a 3 michelin starred haute cuisine classic; the rooms are very comfortable but well laid out and the bar does a great club sandwich.  it is, of course, very expensive.but it's worth it.
i recently spent a long weekend at le bristol with my daughter.  the location was perfect for us to shop and sightsee.  our twin room was spacious, well maintained and beautiful.  we enjoyed drinks in the bar which is very popular with locals and the staff were welcoming.  breakfasts were the only meals we had at the hotel but both the restaurant and room service meals were served as ordered and with a smile.   the concierge staff were exceptional with recommendations and offering to organise tickets to galleries etc.  i love le bristol and will definitely return.
five star all the way on every level, from arrival to departure. every single person was always on, always a warm greeting & smile. from the housekeepers to the doormen, the service is outstanding the hotel is absolutely beautiful!my now husband & i were eloping in paris & the bristol pretty much helped make it all possible, all through the most amazing concierge team via email from nyc!i was torn between the four seasons and le bristol and tripadvisor really helped me choose, plus the correspondence with the four season concierge team was no where close to being as seamless as with the bristol.  practically everything i needed was booked with just a few emails and i just want to thank a few people that made my elopement in paris possible!!the concierge team, especially charlotte, as well as vita, who pretty much secured everything for me. i sent them a picture of the bouquet i wanted. the hotel florist delivered a bouquet that was even more beautiful than the photo to my room the morning of my wedding day. charlotte secured me the car i wanted, well as our wedding night dinner reservations at les ombres; vita put us on the waiting list for le jules verne. clara from the spa seamlessly scheduled and re-scheduled (because of me) my hair and make-up test appointments.  the day of my wedding i had both done in the comfort of my fabulous & gorgeous room. margo was so sweet and knew exactly how i wanted to look and made me look beautiful!valerie from the salon was so nice & helped calm my nerves and acted as translator with nichelle, who did my hair.  i had a photo of the hair i wanted and nichelle made it look even better, and it stayed perfectly in place the entire day and into the night!everything went so flawlessly on my wedding day but the icing on the cake was the concierge calling our driver as we were taking pictures around the city to let us know that a reservation opened up at le jules verne and if we still were interested in going.  um heck yes!!i am so in love with paris and the bristol and am so thankful for helping to make my wedding day in paris better than i could have ever imagined!i cannot wait to return!
this holiday we found this perfect place for stay in paris. we loved the comfortable stay and cozy rooms. we were escorted through the beautiful and clean hotel lobbies to our rooms by the efficient staff member, who was quite well in speaking english. room service was great. the location of hotel allows easy access to metro and the nearby street market. most of the shops in markets were reasonably priced and it actually allowed us to buy much more things than we actually planned. it proved to be a perfect holiday, we could ever expect in paris.
although very pricey, this hotel is magnificent!  the staff is extremely accommodating, the rooms lovely and the location excellent.  if you are looking for a very parisian upscale hotel, this is the one.
"i have stayed here a few years ago and was so glad to be back.  this is a really beautiful place.  people at the front desk were very nice and helpful, the lobby is clean, spacious and very pretty.  the old fashioned elevator put me in a great ""i am in france"" mood.  the room was very large with great closet space, the bathroom was large as well and had hermes toiletries, which was lovely.  the room was furnished like a perfect french apartment.  breakfast was excellent and we ate looking at the garden outside.  my room faced the inner courtyard so it was very quiet.  the hotel is on a major street but it is a narrow one so there is not too much traffic.  lots of hair salons, in the area and off course the best (expensive) shopping that paris has to offer.  would stay here again in a heartbeat."
"stayed on business for 4 days and could not have been more satisfied.where to start the building is beautifull rooms are decorated equsitely with top of the the line designer toilletries.the location cannot be beat for all your needs be it business or just touring the city. the staff from the doormen to the management all very attentive to your needs a rarity in this day and age.the highlight of the stay was when discussing with the concierge the fact that i had been to paris 4 times and all on business have never really had the chance to be a pure tourist he arranged tickets to eiffel tower for myself for my only free afternoon at ""no charge"" with a very friendly note insisting i enjoy the time as atourist on the hotel. wow what a very nice sincere treat.my advise if you get to paris and get the chance to stay here do not pass it up"
i stayed here one night in a junior suite with my friend.we have stayed many times at the crillon but after some mixed feelings the last times we decided to try le bristol. and i can say we where not dissapointed.it was a rainy day and our taxi stopped outside the hotel, 2 staff was standing ready with umbrellas open and covered us until until we reached the door. check in was as told from 3 and we arrived a bit before 2 so we were told our room should be ready at 3, totally understanable we went out for lunch. came back at 3:30  and our room was getting ready so thay said to have a drink in the bar, we did and 5 minutes later was told that the room was ready and the bar bill was picked up by the hotel. very nice gesture. our junior suite was stunning, completly refurnished and very fresh. big livingroom, big bedroom, walk in closet, pink marble bath room and etc.. and a chilled bottle of sancerre on the house. we felt pampered. throughout the stay we where only met by  extremly nice staff smiling and wanted us to feel at home and to our service. this has to be the best hotel experience ever and i have stayed at  lots of hotels like this, but they are best in class i think. you cant beat location either. so i hope to be back very soon for a longer stay..
we stayed here for a romantic weekend, my company has a special corporate rate otherwise we could never have stayed there. the room was great, big with a lovely bathroom (shower and bath) and a massive king size bed. greeting at reception was warm and welcoming. pool nice and warm on a very cold february weekend. the location is fantastic right near all the great shops. i can imagine this hotel being even nicer in summer with the garden and terrace. however, bottom line is that it is a terribly exepensive hotel. i guess if you stay there at the full rate, you dont care a coffee costs 12 eur and a cocktail 25. and noone says that you have to drink or eat in the hotel. however we ordered a coffee in the room in the morning and were charged 3 eur/person for milk. small things like that don't endear me to the place. i can advice this hotel whole hearteldly for those who want to splash out for a special occasion or to those uber rich but for the others, you might feel a bit shorty changed if you pay 600 eur/ night for a basic room.
had an excellent stay. concierge service is excellent, helpful and very very resourceful! i regret not asking them to get me a birkin!
stayed with my 4 year old daughter maria in august. she just loves the place and wants to come back again. we booked through lhw and used a free night earned for the first night. we should have had a room move as a hotel cannot provide the free accommodation in prestige room, but luckily we were accommodated in the prestige room from the first night. and it was really awesome. i stayed at deluxe junior suite in 2010, very huge, with huge bathroom. but this one was not small, and i even liked it more. all blue and beige fabrics and nice bathroom and the huge bed, that i decided not to make up the sofa bed for maria.  we had a room service the first night and it was really great, i just could not resist grabbing the champagne from the mini bar. we had breakfast in both the restaurant and in the room. but maria really loved the restaurant with all the great people caring for your needs and perfect eggs and soldiers! we tried the fabourgh 114 at one of the nights and had the perfect meal! maria's favorites were the pool, and finding faraon around.  the concierge service at the hotel is perfect and the doorman is very helpful with organizing the transportation. meet and greet service at the airport and the a day paris trip by chauffeur driven mercedes organized for us were all perfect .  i can not think about other place to stay at when in paris. btw as a lhw member we had our breakfasts and internet out of our bill without even mentioning it. thank you!
we like to indulge once in a while and this was certainly the place to do it.we stayed here for 2 nights and loved every minute. from the minute you enter, the staff was warm, friendly and professional. this hotel is simply beautiful. we were delighted with the bowl of fresh fruit and champagne that awaited us upon our arrival. there is nothing like kicking off your shoes and luxuriating in a gorgeous surrounding. our room was in the newly renovated wing. airy, open and spacious. marble bathroom, hermes toiletries. not a thing was missing here! and if it was, the staff would bend over backwards to accommodate you!we were also fortunate enough to experience the culinary delights of the 3 star michelin rated restaurant gastronomique. food and service were absolutely outstanding. the entire experience was like a well orchestrated dance, servers pouring wine in unison, the unveiling of a course with a theatrical sweep of the arm, and oh, did i mention the food?? we did not get to use the newly opened spa, fitness facility or swimming pool - after all - this is paris and there is never enough time to fit it all in. we would definitely love to return and enjoy all this hotel has to offer.kudos to the staff - they are at the heart of it all!
well we came back in 2011! we did our first visits in 2010 and le bristol is now our home away from home. we love the facilities- our room accommodations, the two wonderful restaurants, the bar, the exercise room. we were there when the newly updated summer restaurant was launched and is now the year 3 star michelin rated gastronomique!  the most pleasant surprise is the attentiveness of the staff. from check in to departure, they were always courteous, helpful, and engaging. we used the concierge frequently and were entertained in the two restaurants and bar. everyone was great. you never feel rushed in this exquisitely appointed residence. from the bristol you can branch on foot in any direction and find something fun, entertaining, or culturally enriching within a few minutes walk.
believe every positive word said about this hotel. they are the best. the company behind them is dedicated to enabling this team to provide the best in service to their customers and it shows. it is formal but family, traditionally parisian but so worldly in it's offerings. the staff will have you feeling like part of the family and so will fa-raon their cat!!! the last great hotel in paris not to be owned by a chain and i hope it stays that way. the best concierge team and the best hotel management you can find. thank you didier, lea, caroline, florence, carlos, jean-christophe, dominique, etienne, olivier, christophe, jean-marc, john-alexis, jeanne, maria, paola and all the team. my travel budget will always include a stay at le bristol!
given the room rate of €830 per night paid, the one night i spent at le bristol is not for everyone, or even for very few. the hotel facilities were excellent, and service from bellmen, hostesses and desk staff was impeccable: both courteous and excellent. the room was well furnished, spacious, and the bed very comfortable. a selection of fresh fruit and a split of champagne on ice were nice touches upon check-in. the bathroom first rate in every way.aside from the cost - i might spend c. 1/3 of this on a typical visit to paris per night - the only negative experience during my stay was at breakfast. while the model for the hotel was heavy on staff, there were only two people who apparently were allowed to interact with customers in a room of perhaps 25 tables. careful eye contact avoidance was practiced by other staff. with 75 or 80% of the tables occupied the two customer interactors were overwhelmed. service was very slow, my order was wrong (but not going back for a lack of time by then). i might not even had noted the experience if i were not expecting fabulous service, given the price. i should note the food was excellent - if not the ingredients i expected in my omelette, what was there was well prepared. and as is often true in paris, the bread, pastry and coffee were all excellent.short of a positive outcome from lotto, i'm unlikely to stay again at le bristol, but i'm glad i did. and if you are in the market for a room at this price point, i think you are likely to find it a very nice place to stay.
i will be back (as soon as possible!)  this was a business trip for me, and le bristol was nothing short of fantastic.it has a great location, great service and magnificent charm.  the price is steep, but if you can afford it, you will not be disappointed.
le bristol has the highest level of service we have experienced in all our travels. we would give it a higher rating than the george v where we have stayed on previous trips to paris. all of the staff that we met were most anxious to make sure our stay was enjoyable. the concierge service is first rate. the lobby, meeting rooms and our room were all appropriately decorated and in excellent condition. their prices are justified
"we have just returned from a magical five night stay for our honeymoon at le bristol in paris, which has recently been accorded the new elevated ""palace"" status in the french hotel ratings system.  the elevation is well deserved.  although our room was not quite ready when we arrived, we were well greeted and treated to a cold drink in the beautiful lobby while we waited.  the reason for the delay was obvious when we entered the room, as housekeeping were just exiting the door and had plainly been keen to ensure everything was perfect for our arrival.  the room (we were lucky enought to be staying in one of the royal/presidential suites) was simply incredible, and beautifully complimented by flowers and fruit baskets.  as it was our honeymoon we had a touching handwritten note from the management.  it took us some time to come off the high of just being in our room.  we spent more time there than we usually would, enjoying excellent room service (i personally recommend perfect poached eggs for breakfast, the exceptional salade nicoise, and, the true test of any hotel, the burger and fries!).  the hotel excels at service - any query or problem was promptly addressed, room service quick and impeccably polite/discrete, exactly as you would hope for from a hotel of this status.  if you want to spoil yourself order some of the pastries or afternoon tea - all simply heavenly.  we can also thoroughly recommend the 3 michelin starred restaurant which we enjoyed thoroughly on one evening as a special treat.  simply one of the best restaurants i have ever experienced, possibly the best in terms of food and service.  one minor downside for our visit is that the hotel is currently undergoing major refurbishment but, notwithstanding the fact that some renovation works were ongoing in the courtyard and on the floor below us - all disruption was kept to a minimum - if only all builders could be managed and behave in this way.  all in all an incredible stay in an incredible hotel - i cannot recommend it highly enough.  i should reiterate, of course, that our room was a particularly special one for a particularly special occasion, so i am unable to comment on what other rooms may be like, but if our experience was anything to go by i am sure they will be right at the top of the luxury experience available within central paris.  as a final note i will mention that we were due to add one final night to our honeymoon on our drive north back to london - we intended to book la ferme saint simeon which i have also reviewed.  as a consequence of our wonderful experience at le bristol and the absolutely dreadful telephone manner of those working at saint simeon (despite both of us speaking good french) we went straight from le bristol to london to avoid the inevitable disapppointment of going from some of the best service in france to some of the worst.  it is not often that you can say that being back home and doing the washing is better than staying at a hotel, but in the case of la ferme saint simeon we were so certain that would be the case that we avoided it altogether.  i can only suggest the owners visit le bristol to learn some manners, although i doubt they could hope to live up to those exemplary standards."
"we initially were staying at the crillon; when forced to extend our stay due to a medicl emergency, the crillon could not accommodate us a d we moved to the bristol; how fortunate for us!the bristol is more beautiful and wonderful than the crillon in every way. public spaces are larger, more colorful, more beautiful.  rooms are much more modern, comfortable and convenient.  staff is knowledgeable and friendly; eating places are excellent; informal restaurant provides food to rival the top ""haute"" places. cannot say enough good things!"
after staying at the bristol in late july, i left with mixed feelings and the urge to not return. yes, the location is is fabulous for those only interested in shopping, but for those more intellectually inclined, it is quite a walk from the museums of paris. and for those americans who want to escape from other americans, than the le bristol offers a authentic vibe of euro jet set and middle eastern royalty. pros:-complimentary limo service from the airport is well worth it after a long flight- the pool- not like anything you can find in the rest of paris( maybe the george v). a great amenity that transfers you from the chaos of paris to poolside at the hotel du cap.- beautiful gardens-great conciergecons:-not worth the ott price- the rooms are sparcely decorated and the beds make you long for the four seasons- the cleaning staff: our room smelled like a public toilet for 2 days- the showers: you will leave with a few burn marks- breakfast: eat in the atrium for breakfast, possibly outside and order the continental. the eggs are a bit runny.- the junior suites are more like just rooms, with a couch squeezed in.
this is a hotel that takes its business seriously and will not be found lacking when it comes to looking after the needs of guests. i needed a room in which i could also have a short meeting and this is very difficult in typical parisian hotels where rooms are often small and quite dingy with the bed occupying most of the space. the room we were given at le bristol was the opposite of this. probably four times the size of a typical paris hotel but at only twice the cost. the ambiance of the hotel is business like opulence and there seem to be two members of staff for each guest. nothing is too much trouble, everything is as it should be. the staff are polite and attentive without being obsequious. we didn't eat in the hotel except breakfast in the main restaurant which was quite special. the position is superb if that's where you want to be and the space inside the hotel when you include the garden is extraordinary.when we were leaving we came out of the lift with our suitcase having not called down for a porter. the manager saw us and immediately picked up our case rather than call a porter and this underlined for me the attitude of the hotel, ie that they care about their guests before themselves. will definitely be staying at the bristol again.
this review will reflect the service offered when staying in the presidential suite ...and of course as with any hotel if you stay in the biggest suites, they really look after you. booked for extended family of 8. presidential suite is enormous although 1 half (bedroom & lounge) dont really 'match' the other half (bedroom & lounge/dining). the styles are quite different. in general the hotel is quite mumsy (flowery, old fashioned). the bathrooms though are def. not up to the standard - nice, clean but old and not 5 star & certainly not for a presidential suite. bathrooms were the same in a deluxe junior suite & deluxe room. bit strange? service was good although the hotel knew our arrival time & we still arrived to a dark suite, no lights on, no flowers etc. also work is on going at the hotel as they expand into a neighbouring building. this at times affects ones stay including dirty corridors & workmen cabling in the passages etc. breakfast is superb! absolutely perfect. room service too is very good. the pool is a delight at the end of a long shopping day. location too is very good.
an efficient but friendly staff welcomes you to this well located hotel in the centre of paris. public rooms are quietly elegant; bedrooms are spacious and beds extremely comfortable. overall difficult to fault.the louvres tuileries notre dame and left bank are all within easy walking distance.
came over for the french open 2007 and stayed at the le bristol which turned out to be an amazing experience. had stayed at the ritz paris before and it is very difficult to pick an overall winner. each have their positive things and overall make up for an unforgetable stay! most positive things were:gym & pool on terracethe size & confort of the room - stayed in 401.the hermes soapsthe quality of the linen and towelsthe cocktais at the barthings to improve:problems getting a taxi at the door. the doormen would pass people in front of us based on lobbying & extra tipping which is unaceptable.the presentation of bath products from anne semorin weren't to the standards of this hotel. need to work on the bottles and way they are presented. the breakfast was good but not exceptional, especially for the price.
we arrived at 'le bristol' on a beatiful april afternoon having driven all the way from our home in london. we were shown to our room immediately; we had been upgraded to a lovely suite and were pleased to find a beautiful cot bed and cuddly toy for our one year old daughter. throughout our stay, the service was impeccable. the room service guys would  tiptoe so as not to wake our baby while bringing us the delicious food we'd ordered. the swimming pool was an oasis of calm with great rooftop views of paris and no age restrictions. dinner at the 2-michelin starred restaurant was simply outstanding.this is one of few hotels in the world offering a 5* service wihout  haughty attitude or stuffiness. can't wait to go back!
i’ve being staying at le bristol for over ten years and no stay is complete without dinner at their three michelin starred restaurant epicure. i was therefore very disappointed to find epicure closed during my most recent stay, not least of all as it was truffle season. had i known in advance i would have amended my travel plans.that aside, a very warm welcome back as always. the hotel remains beautifully appointed. i highly recommend their junior suites, which are spacious and have a lovely view of their courtyard. bar le bristol remains an excellent spot for a cocktail. and the hotel concierge is exceptional. cafe antonio for lunch was a little disappointing. on the first day the service was not as attentive as usual. the lunch menu - similarly to the in-room menu - had little on the way of vegetarian options. of the 28 starters and mains (excluding sandwiches), only a single dish (a salad) is vegetarian. this had previously been an area i had seen the hotel improve. having been uninspired by the green bean salad, i asked if something else could be created which included black truffle - whilst it then included a generous serving, at its heart it was a simple green salad for the inflated price of ~100 euros.the massage at spa la praire was excellent as always, however i was disappointed to find that the changing & shower room had not been serviced between guests - discarded towel and robe from the previous guest on the floor. on any previous visit they have been meticulous around servicing between guests.in all, still an enjoyable stay.
the best hotel you can ever visit, clean rooms , wonderful staff, you can live fantastic nights in the lovely paris..i loved the delisious food , different variety of cocktails, thank you for letting us enjoy a nice vacation
we've stayed at le bristol almost every year since 2005. the staff is uniformly excellent (special kudos to jean-marie burlet (guest relations) and sonia papet-guillot (head concierge)).  we book well in advance and let the concierge take care of reservations at the restaurants we choose. the restaurant at 114 is excellent, as is the spa. we're not big swimmers, but the pool is really nice. the location is not only convenient to the miromesnil metro, as others have pointed out, but also to the  # 1 line of the metro, which is the main cross-town line. for those who want to shop at the high end, it's not a long walk to avenue montaigne.  and as others have noted, the staff is on top of covid precautions.  just a great experience all around.
i have been somewhat remiss in writing this review, as my most recent stay at le bristol was in october 2019, but i have now written my review!i have been lucky enough to stay at le bristol a number of times for both business and pleasure and although i have not stayed in every single hotel in paris, i can say with overwhelming certainty that you will be hard pressed/unable to find another hotel in paris which can offer a comparable level of service, attention to detail and facilities (both related to accommodation and culinary!) that le bristol can.in short, if you want to impress your other half or even just to treat yourself whilst in paris, a stay at le bristol should be considered mandatory - whilst in some establishments customer service can be treated as an inconvenience, le bristol is a shining example of what it is like when it is done right.this is evident even before stepping foot into the hotel - when you arrive at le bristol, you are greeted by a doorman who will ensure that your luggage is taken care of without having to ask any questions, then the front of house staff will effortlessly take care of the check-in process and from there you are whisked to your room to start your stay.in all the times i've stayed, and as you can imagine from a hotel in this calibre (le bristol is part of the oetker collection), the accommodation and facilities are immaculate.  in other high end hotels i've stayed at i've always noticed something-e.g. chipped paint near the socket or drawers that have had a corner damaged-at le bristol i have yet to see anything like this.  it should be obvious that this isn't by accident-this is by design and due to the care, attention to detail and pride that the staff have at le bristol in the standard of care they offer the customer.  similar to when visiting fine dining establishments, i'm a firm believer that this level of care and attention to detail should never be taken for granted and appreciated and noted when found (hence this review).speaking of fine dining, le bristol is also the home of 4x restaurants - 2x restaurants holding a total of 4 michelin stars - the 3 star epicure headed up by eric frechon and the 1x star 114 faubourg - as well as cafe antonia and le jardin francais which is open in the summer months weather permitting (as its name suggests le jardin francais is held outside in le bristol's gardens).  this breadth and depth of offering allows le bristol to offer the full range of dining experiences to guests (both of the hotel and passer bys), and having been fortunate enough to dine at the first three establishments i can unequivocally state you not leave any of the restaurants disappointed - in fact the hardest choice you will have to make is when you have to leave the restaurant :), however if you are fortunate enough to be also staying at the hotel, at least you won't have to worry about how to get back to your hotel ;)for me, the biggest compliment i could say and give le bristol, is that when i've been lucky enough to stay, coming back in the evening has felt like coming home - i've had that warm feeling at the bottom of my stomach - not environment speaking - as le bristol is much nicer than my house ! but in terms of feeling comfortable, safe and also lucky enough to be know that the staff at le bristol care about you and your stay and will respond to any requests that you may make with consummate professionalism and pride in their work and attention to detail.in my view, this hotel just ticks every box, and if you're lucky enough to stay at this hotel then i would recommend you jump at the chance - not only with both feet - but your whole body too :)  you can thank me later !
right between the more luxurious shopping district and the old center of paris we stayed in this very nice hotel. good rooms, clean bathrooms, great breakfast and very friendly staff make this definitely a good choice at very decent prices.
there is nothing bad someone could say about le bristol. the property is stupendous, the staff is extremely kind and everything you eat is delicious. the rooms have double doors so you can’t hear anything from corridor. will always come back!
i recently spent a couple of days with my parents who are well in their eighties in paris. it was a wonderful trip, largely due to the outstanding hospitality of le bristol and its team. the hotel is traditional (love it!), beautiful, superbly located and very well run. its most prized asset is its team. the team pampered us with meticulous attention to detail and most importantly with genuine kindness and care. there is only one “problem” with le bristol....you simply don’t want to leave. we will return.
the hotel is pleasant and staff are surprisingly helpful by paris standards. the rooms are a bit hit or miss. i spent two nights where the bathroom had ticking noise (probably from an old heating system, but nobody seemed to know) and the plumbing in the shower was noisy up to an hour after i showered before going to bed. that said, the manager was gracious and changed me to a better room (not an upgrade just quieter).
room 622 was a total delight.  decor was bright and light and totally french.  plenty of wardrobe storage, room spacious, bathroom huge and well appointed.  the entire property was exceptionally beautiful, and clean.  the staff could not have been more helpful and make guests feel quite special.  not only the concierge but even the housekeepers!  the on site florist creates masterpieces.  fruit replaced in our room daily.
we passed by for a meeting in the lobby! we were courteously welcomes and accommodated although we were not staying at the hotel although it was breakfast time. we were well served by a very professional team. in parallel, i must say that the mini pastries served were out of this world. thumbs up for the pastry chef.bravo....on small note, the gents public restroom needs some repair and maintenance. just fyi.
we stayed two years ago, reviewing it then, and have returned to find the top standard unaltered.   the property is lovely, as many others in its class.  but it is distinguished by its grace and ease, with no note of snobbism if you arent of the ilk who stay in such hotels 365/365.  the service is flawless.
i have stayed at many 5-star hotels, but le bristol takes 5 stars to a whole new level.  not only is the hotel itself perfection to the “nth degree,” but the staff is equally stellar.  i was told that the hotel is “very parisian,” so i had anticipated a somewhat stuffy, formal and reserved atmosphere.  i couldn’t have been more wrong.  upon arriving on a wednesday afternoon, i was invited to a 6:30 pm cocktail reception to meet leah marshall, the hotel manager, as well as other guests.  i immediately felt as if i were attending a friend’s cocktail party.  my room was beautiful and comfortable, with every amenity.  the food was so delicious, and the atmosphere in both hotel restaurants, so pleasant, that i ended up eating breakfast & dinner there the entire week - french toast is incredible!  the concierges (particularly jean-francois) were knowledgeable, personable & helpful.  one day i forgot my ticket to the eiffel tower tour so one of the concierges met me nearby and delivered it to me ! another day i thought i left my wallet at a nearby bakery, so sonia, the head concierge, insisted on accompanying me to the bakery to find it.  when it wasn’t there, she went with me to my room & helped me go through everything until i finally found it.  ms. marshall seemed to be everywhere at once, so anytime i needed her, there she was !  as wonderful as is paris, & as much as i enjoyed the city of light,  i have to say i enjoyed the hotel just as much, if not more, than i enjoyed paris.
so wonderful to return to le bristol after 25 years. i used to stay here regularly on business in the early 1990's and have wanted to take my wife there ever since. from the moment you arrive and experience the outstanding, friendly, personal service from all the staff, to the grand public space that greets you as you sweep down the stairs inside the front door, to the charm of the old-style elevator and the luxury of your room, everything about le bristol is perfect.and there's the garden, in the heart of the hotel, one of my favourite little corners of paris.if possible, this great hotel has improved since i was last here. treat yourself sometime and spend a few nights at one of the best hotels in the world.
"arriving at le bristol paris is like coming home to the most welcoming family ever and staying in the most comfortable and elegant home ever!  from the moment i arrive with my dog fanny we are greeted by the doormen by name, then leah marshall the wonderful director who greets every guest as her personal friend, the staff at check in, jean marie burlet, director of guest services and the concierge staff sonya, emmanuel, hélène, jean francois, guillaume (apologies for anyone i've left off)  my room is usually ready before i can have my first café crème and croissant (heavenly)  fanny knows the way to our room - and it is always a wonderful surprise.  just heaven on earth!!  every part of the bristol is so beautiful this visit  we spent much of the time right there enjoying lunch and an afternoon glass of rosé in the beautiful garden, dinner at 114 faubourg (where the simple salad with truffle oil is devine), drinks at le blue bar, breakfast at cafe antonia... it is always hard to tear myself away!  as a friend who i sent to le bristol said ""they anticipate every need"".  one of my many friends at le bristol (and i do feel like they are friends now)  seems to know that i am ready for a cup of coffee with warm milk or a glass of whispering angel before i do!many thanks to leah and jean-marie and everyone at le bristol for making this as every stay so special! i have only been home a few weeks and am already homesick for my room at le bristol and am planning and scheming my next visit.  it is simply the best!"
"my wife and i stayed at le bristol for 6 nights at the last week of august / first week of september. this was our second stay at the hotel and we thoroughly enjoyed every aspect of our experience. the guest room was immaculate  and extremely well appointed and we especially loved the view over the parisian garden. both housekeeping and laundry service were very good and efficient and the bed was heavenly. we had various meals at the hotel (dinners at epicure and 114 faubourg, daily breakfasts either inside epicure and the cafe antonia, drinks / pastries at the garden and cocktails at le bar du bristol) and the food was consistently perfect. we had the 20th anniversary dinner menu at epicure and it was exquisite and no doubt the most enjoyable meal we had in our 2-week trip in paris and cote d azur. the ambiance of the hotel is very elegant. whilst in terms of decoration it might be not as 'extravagant"" as other palace hotels like the ritz we enjoyed the le bristol atmosphere more as it gave us a more ""homely"" feeling. the photographs you see online cannot do the hotel justice - its ambiance has to be felt and experienced in person!despite all of the above good things what we believe makes le bristol distinct from other establishments is absolutely its lovely and very helpful and dedicated team of staff - from the concierge desk (who made very good restaurant recommendations and arranged a stress-free transfer and vip service at cdg airport) to the food & beverage team. we initially booked for 5 nights and decided to extend for one additional night at the last minute in order to avoid the chaos at hong kong airport and the concierge helped us to call our airline and sorted out our ticket a minutes and most amazingly the reservation desk was able to let us to stay in our original room despite apparently the hotel was quite fully booked. we must also mention our appreciation towards jean marie, head of guest relations, who made us both felt very welcomed and went an extra mile to help us to get a highly sought after reservation. last but definitely not least – we both enjoyed the company of fa-roan the feline resident in the hotel! we cannot wait to return to le bristol."
"this hotel is just magnificent! from the moment we arrived until the moment we left we were beyond satisfied. professional, friendly, helpful and accommodating is how i would describe our stay! our room was upgraded to our surprise and it was just beautiful. streaming ""midnight in paris"" as it was filmed here for free was such a nice touch, we watched it over and over! i would highly recommend le bristol -we could not have been happier!!!"
we were very lucky and were able to stay in a charming suite because another hotel was overbooked.  we really enjoyed our stay.  i mean, it's so classically french even down to the old-school key.  everyone was so friendly and i can't wait to go back.  btw, the breakfast was amazing and in such a beautiful setting.
the hotel is amazing, we fell in love with paris, definetelly will come back in paris next year and hotel also. comfy beds great staff. lovely view. the location is amazing with coffee near and restaurants.
location is amazing and near all main attraction, the staff are very friendly and helpful. concierge team are well organized and professional. foods are delicious and tasty. recommended for families and people looking for elegance.
my first stay in le bristol and hopefully it won’t be my last , every aspect of the hotel is first class . i would just like to thank all the staff for there kindness , the hotel is magnificent ect ect . and the breakfast is excellent. i only wish i’d booked well ahead and could of tried the epicure restaurant.
the hotel is beautiful in the public areas as you would expect and the rooms are very comfortable and quiet. the outstanding aspect of the hotel is the very kind personal service that you receive from all the staff. we had a very nice supper in the garden after arriving late from a long flight and it was just perfect. the staff were very happy to serve us something light and to chat with us. we found the next morning that breakfast is not served until 8am and as we had an early flight we could not have breakfast downstairs. this was no problem at all as an amazing trolley of breakfast food was delivered to our room in about 15 minutes. this is a hotel that combines beauty and tradition with the highest level of personal service. definitely 5 stars (or 6 if that were possible).
"everyone has a view about ""great"" when it comes to hotels - but as far as paris goes, this is mine.  refined, elegant, not too showy.  great restaurants (epicure and 114 faubourg) and fantastic gardens.  highly recommended"
i’ve had the pleasure of calling le bristol my parisian home for 7 years, with 14 stays and counting. as an inaugural member of france's conveted ‘palace’ hotel classification, it set the bar to which other hotels had to aspire. the hotel has a beautiful understated elegance, is exceptionally well maintained, the suites & bathrooms are spacious, has a stunning inner courtyard, a great bar, and the best restaurant in paris. the staff are the most warm and genuine i have had the pleasure of interacting with (travelling to circa 50 countries, and internationally 3-4 times per year). and the concierge is second to none – my having set two almost near impossible asks they absolutely knocked it out of the park (exceeding my expectations). treat yourself – book a stay!
"arriving at le bristol paris is like coming home to the most welcoming family ever and staying in the most comfortable and elegant home ever!  from the moment i arrive with my dog fanny we are greeted by the doormen by name, then leah marshall the wonderful director who greets every guest as her personal friend, the staff at check in, jean marie burlet, director of guest services and the concierge staff sonya, emmanuel, hélène, jean francois, guillaume (apologies for anyone i've left off)  my room is usually ready before i can have my first café crème and croissant (heavenly)  fanny knows the way to our room - and it is always a wonderful surprise.  just heaven on earth!!  every part of the bristol is so beautiful this visit  we spent much of the time right there enjoying lunch and an afternoon glass of rosé in the beautiful garden, dinner at 114 faubourg (where the simple salad with truffle oil is devine), drinks at le blue bar, breakfast at cafe antonia... it is always hard to tear myself away!  as a friend who i sent to le bristol said ""they anticipate every need"".  one of my many friends at le bristol (and i do feel like they are friends now)  seems to know that i am ready for a cup of coffee with warm milk or a glass of whispering angel before i do!many thanks to leah and jean-marie and everyone at le bristol for making this as every stay so special! i have only been home a few weeks and am already homesick for my room at le bristol and am planning and scheming my next visit.  it is simply the best!"
"my wife and i stayed at le bristol for 6 nights at the last week of august / first week of september. this was our second stay at the hotel and we thoroughly enjoyed every aspect of our experience. the guest room was immaculate  and extremely well appointed and we especially loved the view over the parisian garden. both housekeeping and laundry service were very good and efficient and the bed was heavenly. we had various meals at the hotel (dinners at epicure and 114 faubourg, daily breakfasts either inside epicure and the cafe antonia, drinks / pastries at the garden and cocktails at le bar du bristol) and the food was consistently perfect. we had the 20th anniversary dinner menu at epicure and it was exquisite and no doubt the most enjoyable meal we had in our 2-week trip in paris and cote d azur. the ambiance of the hotel is very elegant. whilst in terms of decoration it might be not as 'extravagant"" as other palace hotels like the ritz we enjoyed the le bristol atmosphere more as it gave us a more ""homely"" feeling. the photographs you see online cannot do the hotel justice - its ambiance has to be felt and experienced in person!despite all of the above good things what we believe makes le bristol distinct from other establishments is absolutely its lovely and very helpful and dedicated team of staff - from the concierge desk (who made very good restaurant recommendations and arranged a stress-free transfer and vip service at cdg airport) to the food & beverage team. we initially booked for 5 nights and decided to extend for one additional night at the last minute in order to avoid the chaos at hong kong airport and the concierge helped us to call our airline and sorted out our ticket a minutes and most amazingly the reservation desk was able to let us to stay in our original room despite apparently the hotel was quite fully booked. we must also mention our appreciation towards jean marie, head of guest relations, who made us both felt very welcomed and went an extra mile to help us to get a highly sought after reservation. last but definitely not least – we both enjoyed the company of fa-roan the feline resident in the hotel! we cannot wait to return to le bristol."
"this hotel is just magnificent! from the moment we arrived until the moment we left we were beyond satisfied. professional, friendly, helpful and accommodating is how i would describe our stay! our room was upgraded to our surprise and it was just beautiful. streaming ""midnight in paris"" as it was filmed here for free was such a nice touch, we watched it over and over! i would highly recommend le bristol -we could not have been happier!!!"
we were very lucky and were able to stay in a charming suite because another hotel was overbooked.  we really enjoyed our stay.  i mean, it's so classically french even down to the old-school key.  everyone was so friendly and i can't wait to go back.  btw, the breakfast was amazing and in such a beautiful setting.
the hotel is amazing, we fell in love with paris, definetelly will come back in paris next year and hotel also. comfy beds great staff. lovely view. the location is amazing with coffee near and restaurants.
location is amazing and near all main attraction, the staff are very friendly and helpful. concierge team are well organized and professional. foods are delicious and tasty. recommended for families and people looking for elegance.
my first stay in le bristol and hopefully it won’t be my last , every aspect of the hotel is first class . i would just like to thank all the staff for there kindness , the hotel is magnificent ect ect . and the breakfast is excellent. i only wish i’d booked well ahead and could of tried the epicure restaurant.
the hotel is beautiful in the public areas as you would expect and the rooms are very comfortable and quiet. the outstanding aspect of the hotel is the very kind personal service that you receive from all the staff. we had a very nice supper in the garden after arriving late from a long flight and it was just perfect. the staff were very happy to serve us something light and to chat with us. we found the next morning that breakfast is not served until 8am and as we had an early flight we could not have breakfast downstairs. this was no problem at all as an amazing trolley of breakfast food was delivered to our room in about 15 minutes. this is a hotel that combines beauty and tradition with the highest level of personal service. definitely 5 stars (or 6 if that were possible).
"everyone has a view about ""great"" when it comes to hotels - but as far as paris goes, this is mine.  refined, elegant, not too showy.  great restaurants (epicure and 114 faubourg) and fantastic gardens.  highly recommended"
i’ve had the pleasure of calling le bristol my parisian home for 7 years, with 14 stays and counting. as an inaugural member of france's conveted ‘palace’ hotel classification, it set the bar to which other hotels had to aspire. the hotel has a beautiful understated elegance, is exceptionally well maintained, the suites & bathrooms are spacious, has a stunning inner courtyard, a great bar, and the best restaurant in paris. the staff are the most warm and genuine i have had the pleasure of interacting with (travelling to circa 50 countries, and internationally 3-4 times per year). and the concierge is second to none – my having set two almost near impossible asks they absolutely knocked it out of the park (exceeding my expectations). treat yourself – book a stay!
it seems standards can almost always be exceeded. this hotel innovates in comfort and in providing the service that makes you wonder if it is even possible that it can get any better.there are many many little touches when put together make this a memorable experience.the size of the rooms are very cleaver, not too big or small. just the right size. will definitely be my go to hotel when visiting this charming city.
"i have had the pleasure of staying at many wonderful hotels in my travels, but nothing can compare to le bristol.  i was fortunate to stay 8 nights in this superior hotel, and cannot imagine visiting paris again without making le bristol my ""home way from home"".  the hotel is beautiful, the food at all three restaurants is superb, and the service from every single employee is beyond compare.  most importantly, i felt genuinely welcome.  i cannot speak highly enough about le bristol."
i have been in this hotel for seven nights and at first days i had some problems , so i published a comment about my experience.i can say that i was really disappointed on that time.after a few hours of publishing my comment the lovely hotel manager send me some gifts and a postal card in which she has been apologized and asked how she can compensate.i had a meeting with her then and we talked with each other, that was the time that i could understand that hotel guests are all valuable for her and she knows costumer care and managment as well as possible. of course it is not because of recieving the gits its because majority of the problems that i had has been solved and i experience perfect holiday then. i am a manager of an institutes with more than 2000 employee and i have phd in management as a result i can understand she is one of the best in her job and i congrats to le bristol for having her. for sure i will come to this hotel again.
really lovely hotel with a super yummy breakfast that was inclusive. the scrambled eggs were so decadent and delicious, my only complaint is that i gained weight. not to mention their amazing pastry basket served nice and hot and moment you sit down. the service is wonderful, i was just about to leave and their service staff rushed down to catch me because i has left my diamond earrings behind. so honest and efficient! i was very impressed :) thank you for a wonderful 5 days!  oh and you should check out their cafe, the burger was honestly the best i’ve had! perhaps tied with shake shack but i have a soft spot for it :p
i tend to use this word a lot - amazing, but it's a great adjective when you are trying to convey a great property.  great location, beautiful courtyard, soft sheets that make you want to stay in bed.  rooms are very good sized and bathrooms are great with separate tub and rainshower.  i must admit, i spent a good deal of time looking for faron (?) and found him finally,  success!  alas, he did not want to come with me up the stairs.  cats - very finicky but faron is regal and such a lovely addition to the elegance of this hotel.breakfast was plentiful and the service was top notch.
we usually stay in paris a few nights before continuing on to a ski holiday. we’ve previously stayed at either le meurice and crillion but wanted to try something new. very glad we did - this is easily our new favourite in paris and we are already talking about booking for next year. what stands out is the absolute lack of pretension. this hotel is fabulous and beautiful but manages to be homely and comfortable. staff is exceptionally personable and service highly personalised. also - probably the largest rooms in paris. we can’t wait to come back.
so we stayed here. expensive, luxe, amazing public spaces, bar and restaurant. if you like to sit near the king of saudi or the pas president of france this is the place. it has a great feel, great staff and great place. if you are not the head of a country or the head of a big, international firm it might be a bit pricey.
i love this hotel. it has everything you can imagine and is accustomed to service at the highest level. the restaurant epicure is one of our favorite restaurants, and the lobby offers a wonderful place to relax and try a variety of cognacs...highly recommnded!
i'm at a bit of a loss how to describe this hotel, it is dreamlike, something you imagine, very parisian, extravagant. service is over the top excellent from every member of the staff.  they anticipate your needs and never failed to exceed our expectations. there aren't enough superlatives.  the rooms were spacious, comfortable, well appointed. the property is gorgeous, perfectly located. the concierge staff makes perfect recommendations. the management staff is charming and gracious. little surprises and treats show up in the room.  epicure is one of the finest restaurants in the world.   from the moment we arrived it was perfect, we felt at home in this luxurious and indulgent hotel.  it was a magical 10th anniversary.
great place, beautiful rooms, perfect decoration, you got the works in excellence, luxury, comfort ,service you name it you got it , and  what is missing all over the world. [class]. no bargain basement there
my favourite hotel in paris, and amongst the best in the world. i feel i’m coming home, from the personal service to the quality. it has a certain charm, that is difficult to genuinely replicate, it needs some updating but it is still a great jewel.lovely christmas tree this year, again... even the house cat fits-in.the food in the restaurants is excellent, the bar is nice too.the gym on the small size, but well equipped, it is fine if you’re training alone, the rumour is that an extension is going to happen hopefully soon.the hotel director is the most charming ever, always walking the floor and ensuring her team does the same.well done le bristol!
this hotel rates among the best in the world.  as is the case with all 5 star hotels in paris, it is expensive but worth the money. every aspect of the hotel is first rate  every employee tries extremely hard to provide the very best service.  the concierge staff of, believe it or not, 12, (although not all at the same time, but always at least 3) is second to none.  the rooms are beautiful and well kept. we never waited more than a minute for an elevator. the room service is very good and extremely prompt. as the joke goes, the towels are so thick i could hardly close my suitcase.i have stayed at several 5 star hotels in a paris and never met the manager.  the manager at this hotel is constantly around, greeting guests and overseeing her talented staff. fresh fruit was in the room when we arrived, along with an excellent bottle of champagne as well as very fine white wine.  each day whatever fruit we had eaten was replaced. the internet is excellent and works throughout the hotel. there are outstanding bars and restaurants overseen by a great 3 star chef. although perfection is an aspirational goal, this hotel is as close to perfect as one can be.
beautiful hotel, the rooms are lovely and there is absolutely nothing to fault. the decor is beautiful, the room is clean, soap, bathrobe, slippers, room service and well catered mini-bar. a luxurious experience!!the staff is really lovely and smiley! what’s not to like?
lovely hotel in the centre of paris. very traditional in design and elegant.  rooms are comfortable without being luxurious. staff were excellent. good location walking distance from the local sight seeing. would be a good base for a city break. my stay was purely for business. safe surroundings and secure.
we spent 4 fabulous nights here and loved it all.  we were upgraded due to amex booking, to a roomy, beautifully-appointed junior suite. in addition to the great quality of the building fabric, the gracious service and wonderful, central location are additional benefits of a stay here.  it is pricey, yes, but worth every penny.  in addition, they have extraordinary food with a michelin 3-star and a michelin 1-star restaurant at the hotel.
if you want to be treated like royalty and live in a most beautiful palace with the most amazing decor and flowers and absolutely delectable food, this is your hotel. i just completed my second stay in four years. i didn’t believe that the experience could live up to the fantastic experience we had the first time, but it was. i was so disappointed that we couldn’t get a last minute reservation in their michelin 3 star restaurant epicure, because 4 years later i still remember how fantastic it is. however we were able to dine in their 1 michelin star restaurant 114 faubourg. it was absolutely amazing! the best food and service imaginable. the breakfast served in their beautiful restaurant was fantastic. when taken on the beautiful terrace, it is magnificent. the lobby bar and the late night bar are fantastic too. we tried everything and loved it all. didn’t want to leave the hotel in the greatest city on earth! thank you bristol for making our stays there so great! can’t wait to come back! be sure to meet fa-rhoen, the beautiful cat who lives in the palace and admire her beautiful goyard collar! it’s also a very fun hotel!
i absolutely loved having the afternoon tea with my family there, the team is amazing, espacially celeste.we didn’t sait a lot , they do not take bookings in the afternoon.they have seasonal pastries that we wanted to try, it was an incredible mango cheasecake, i really recommend those food shaped desserts. we enjoyed the pastries and the hot chocolate . it was outstanding!
talk about an hotel that displays elegance and class throughout. the staff is so welcoming from the doorman through the housekeeping staff. i only stopped for a hot drink and as i ordered a hot chocolate (absolutely delicious by the way), i dropped some milk on my jacket. on a way to a meeting i rushed to the bathroom and the girl cleaning the public area brought me a small towel. simply a real 5 star with people that make a real difference. i stayed previously and i will return in a heartbeat.
"in a city of many magnificent hotels the bristol stands out as being positively transcendental.  all has already been said many times about this great hotel but i just add---fabulous public spaces,  gorgeous rooms, unparalleled location in the city, beautiful garden for outdoor dining, terrific food and the best breakfasts that we've ever had,  but even with all this its the staff and the service that push this hotel over the top.  from the moment you arrive (and they know your name within minutes) you would think you are living the life of 'upstairs-downstairs' because of such phenomenal service delivered by such caring people.  in fact the hotel has a quality of aristocracy about it that heightens and draws your attention to all the fine details in the furnishings and furniture and the beauty of the rooms themselves with fabulous bathroom lighting and every imaginable accessory in the rooms that one can possibly think of.   but i come back to the staff again who go out of their way to deliver one imposing message to you and that is:  ""we love having you here and hope to make your stay as enjoyable as possible.""  and no one can possibly ask for more than that.   in a firmanent such as we have this hotel deserves a basket full of stars, not just 5."
le bristol is magnificent and undoubtedly one of paris’ finest hotels with the grandeur and luxury you would expect we went for a quiet lunch on a hot day in september and found the courtyard lunch setting to be just perfect set back from the busy and hectic streets in the heart of paris it provides a peaceful sanctuary for a peaceful enclosed and relaxing lunch surrounded by beautiful manicured gardens and stunning flower baskets that cascading down from the rooms surrounding to ground level staying to the set lunch and with limited wine the bill for such a setting was very reasonable and the experience unforgettable
it is obvious from the moment you step foot on these polished, hallowed floors, that you are in a special place. the special surprise, and joy, is that as a guest, you are treated like the most important guest in the hotel.from every employee in the reception knowing your name, and attentively responding to requests, questions, information or just to have a pleasant chat, it’s a welcome respite in a busy city to have a place like this to retire to. the rooms and bathrooms are beautiful, the hotel is just lovely and well kept, and every detail has been thought of. please make time to eat in both on site restaurants, as the service and cuisine are exceptional.concierge service, especially steven, created a wonderful experience for us in champagne with a private driver, cristobal, who took great care of us.when we return to paris, we will only stay at le bristol.
to put it frankly: le bristol is the best hotel in paris. their attention to detail is impeccable. my wife and i stayed at le bristol for the beginning of our 2 1/2 week anniversary vacation and found the experience delightful. the staff’s attention to detail and consist desire to provide 5 star service really stand out. every person on staff knew our name, paid attention to our needs, and served us with such excellence that i couldn’t imagine staying anywhere else. our next trip to paris has to include le bristol.
over the years, we have stayed at other top-ranked hotels in paris. we decided to tried le bristol based on the trip advisor rating and reviews. it exceeded our expectations. the lobby is a little bit underwhelming, but once 30 feet inside the entrance, the public spaces open up to magnificence. the ancient wrought-iron elevator cage was a thing of antique beauty, with the mechanicals and the interior of the glass elevator car properly modernized of course. it was a symbol of the opulence of the late 19th and early 20th centuries. one can only imagine the elegant horse-drawn broughams arriving at the hotel with elegant gentlemen and ladies.our room was spacious, airy and light, with an interesting semi-oval shape. a separate small entrance hall provided a sense of privacy. the opulent bathroom was fully lined with floor-to-ceiling light colored marble. the only nit of our entire le bristol experience was the shower valves cycling between cool and hot every 30 seconds or so, requiring constant small adjustments of about 1/20th of a turn on the hot water control. the bar, cozy with an intimate atmosphere, was staffed with bartenders who look like choir boys but professionals who created fabulous intricate cocktails to the hotel's special recipes. i favored a complex cocktail with at least 10 ingredients including apple blossoms and spices floating on top, all served in a glass orb hung on a metal frame..to a person, the hotel staff was friendly and helpful. this is a place deserving of a return visit.
stayed at le bristol for 4 nights with my husband and son. from the moment we checked in until the time of our departure, we felt like vips. we enjoyed an upgrade to a junior suite that welcomed us with some treats for our son including a special cuddly bunny toy. the room, which faced into a non descript courtyard, was quiet and peaceful, and we were on the same floor as the pool which our son enjoyed immensely. we didn’t eat at epicure but on our first night we had wine and cheese in the garden which was a beautiful setting. the staff were extremely friendly and greet you from behind the desk, and we were constantly asked if there was any more they could do. special gratitude to laure pichon who went out of her way to make us welcomed and at home! the doormen are keenly observant of all the little details too, escorting us to taxis etc. we picked this place because we read it was great for kids and their service is exceptional and it lived up to this in every way. merci!
outstanding customer centric experience, with a team paying attention to all details to make your stay unique.french charm, french top class deco, marvelous food, especially the mango cheese cake. the location is optimal for shopping, visit the top paris sites, by walk, by bike...
there wasn't one aspect of this hotel i didn't like, love or have any negative words. my whole stay there was perfect. the room was out of this world, with a personalised card from the manager, two bathrooms, beautifully decorated. i felt like royalty.
everything here is top top top!  like you might have seen in the movies!  top quality.  top service.  what can i say.  i felt i am being spoiled.  have been in this hotel only twice during business trips, other times i have stayed in ohter places - but this hotel surely stole my heart.....
this is our favorite hotel in paris   it is an incredibly beautiful property in a parisian palace. the rooms and public spaces are impeccably kept. but the key here is the amazing staff. they are warm, friendly, responsive and very helpful.  jean-marie, austin and many others made our stay both memorable and extremely comfortable. every time we returned we felt like we were home in our incredibly elegant palace. did i mention the restaurants?  they were over the top great. i have several food allergies and felt looked after in all of the restaurants and the food was delicious. we can’t wait to return. love this place.
le bristol!!!!!c'est magnifique!!!le bristol offers 5 star luxury in every way!! i had the pleasure of staying here for 4 night (april 4-8). there is not a thing i would change.  the breakfasts are not only delicious but so elegantly presented.  dinner in le faubourg 114 was amazing.  the deluxe room,amenities and bathroom were spacious, bright, cheery and welcoming.every staff member made you feel welcome at every moment!!check in and check out were without hassle and i look forward to coming back in the near future.5 star luxury, 5 star accomodations, 5 star food and 5 star people!!!stay here, sit back and enjoy!!!
we stayed here for christmas and it was a very good place for that time of year. great location. exceptional service in the hotel both reception and concierge. a large room with very traditional decor. the restaurants disappointed perhaps because of the challenge of serving christmas dinners and being at capacity.
my partner and i stayed at le bristol for a long weekend in summer. the attention to detail was beautiful!old fashion charm - the staff where brilliant and so helpful! breakfast was my favourite  - the bread baskets and the pancakes and berries dusted with gold leaf! the bedroom, bathroom and terrace were very large. the bed could do with being a little softer... but personal preference. great la praire products in the bathroom. the terrace overlooked the garden, we looked looking out for the hotel cats!  in the evening its a must to try one of the beautiful cocktails in le bar du bristol! we would stay again! dog and cat friendly!!
from check in to check out our visit to le bristol was simply wonderful . it’s so much more than just a beautiful building in a great location within walking distance of many of parises attractions. yes the decor ,ambience and standard of rooms are also stunning .but it’s the team here that elevate your experience here  from great to  something best described as magical . door men , check in , concierge , servers house keeping management not one person that we encountered was anything other than friendly , helpful and professional .incredibly from the start of our stay we were often addressed by name . how they managed it i have no idea but it was impressive and yet another thing that left you feeling the staff here really cared about making sure their guests had the best experience possible whilst staying at their hotel .they succeeded - both my wife and i together with our 2 guests loved our stay and thanks again to all of you that helped make our stay so enjoyable .
location , quality and top service !! me , husband, 1 teen and 1 toddler and 1 baby spend 4 amazing days in paris to celebrate baby’s 1st year, we requested a surprise in the room and they exceed the expectations! i love the amazing service and care.
i had the pleasure of staying in the bristol hotel with my family on thanksgivingit was the first time i stay there and i will never stay anywhere else. the service was great the concierge was great the restaurant was great. everyone was helpful and friendly. the rooms were beautiful and clean and very spacious
i’ve had the pleasure of staying at le bristol on eleven occasions in the last few years. i wouldn’t dream of staying anywhere else when visiting paris. as for this stay... the suite was beautiful, complete with christmas tree. the hotels public areas charming. the christmas decorations including mini forest in the garden were perfection. the spa treatments flawless. and breakfast & christmas day lunch at epicure without compare.from arrival to departure staff excel in every interaction - showing genuine warm and providing truely personal & attentive service. thanks to the entire team under the superb leadership of leah marshall for another excellent stay! i’m already looking forward to my next visit.
we were back at le bristol, our favorite paris hotel.this time round we faced one or two minor issues - in the grand scheme of this wonderful place not worth detailing here. what impressed us, however, was how quickly and seriously this was addressed by management. it is clear that the team is very focused on continous excellence. we will be back.
le bristol is a beautiful hotel - traditional, stylish, centrally-located. it has everything going for it, except maybe the service, which can be slow at times. it took us an unexpectedly long time to get our bags or coffee in the room.the dining room is very posh, and the breakfast has excellent choices, including healthy (and gluten-free). not cheap though. but then, you wouldn’t stay at le bristol and expect anything to be cheap, would you?
"my wife and i returned to le bristol in late october of 2017. if you love paris, as we do, le bristol is the one venue you must experience. having stayed in other five star hotels in paris, le bristol stands out as the finest hotel in this magical city; it is a magnificent facility with unsurpassed service, security and warmth.from the moment one arrives at the hotel, both new and returning guests are greeting by a warm and inviting staff. the front of the house and security team is overseen by jean-marie burlet, a consummate and acutely focused professional and his skilled deputy, cecile reynaud. in these uncertain times, such focus is critical and reassuring. mr. burlet's team sets the tone for le bristol's flawless professionalism and graciousness - the ""signature"" of this remarkable venue.it is difficult to ""rank"" the outstanding features and characteristics of le bristol, where the commitment to quality resonates throughout the hotel and compromise is not tolerated.the hotel has a wide variety of rooms, all well proportioned and beautifully furnished and outfitted with exquisite beddings and linens. the bathrooms are spacious and thoughtfully designed; the towels and toiletries luxurious. the housekeeping sets a standard unrivaled in the industry. each night we would return to our room to find my wife's myriad assortment of cosmetics and sundries meticulously organized with an engineer's precision!special mention is due to le bristol's concierge team. directed by the accomplished and extraordinarily responsive sonia papet and a savvy, experienced team of professionals (including sebastien allogia and emmanuel deoliveira), the hotel's concierge team is respected by restaurateurs throughout paris and has unrivaled access to the most sought after venues. they are insightful and invaluable guides to the great food of paris.le bristol has two outstanding restaurants, overseen by the brilliant eric frechon. whether dining in le bristol's haute cuisine restaurant, its ""bistro"" (114 faubourg) or in the casual lounge, the food is sublime.finally, it is important to note that during the last several years, le bristol has reached new heights under its relentless, hands on general manager, leah marshall. ms. marshall is a constant presence throughout the hotel; her work ethic and keen eye for detail ensures that the hotel maintains its high standards. it is also evident that ms. marshall has empowered her team, encouraging growth and pride in their work. in contrast to the male bastions which often dominate hotels, ms. marshall has clearly endeavored to mentor and support members of the ""opposite sex"" - who now occupy key professional roles in the hotel's operation. it is apparent  this is a ""happy"" and  team oriented work environment, a culture which translates into an enhanced guest experience.bravo to le bristol. as one guest observed, ""before you bid farewell to this planet, stay at le bristol"" !"
the best hotel in paris i have been to.we stayed at le bristol for a weekend in august this year.  all the staff were friendly, welcoming and incredibly attentive (without being at all overbearing.) concierge were brilliant and had some fantastic restaurant and bar recommendations.the room was a junior suite with a lovely terrace and a view of the eiffel tower. it was spacious and luxurious and comfortable.  the room service was also excellent (delicious creme brûlée.) we took breakfast in cafe antonia which has a nice view of the garden. everything was perfectly cooked to order and service was again impeccable and we never felt in any way rushed. i would definitely like to return to try dinner in epicure which i hear is amazing.a mention about the pool as well, which is a perfect temperature and has a roof terrace outside - wonderful. le bristol is an exceptional hotel to every detail and i would return over and over.
this hotel is my home away from home, checked in for a short family stay at the le bristol. the staff were exceptional, service was attentive and personal. concierge as always extremely helpful. well done! would defiantly come back when in paris.
not enough can be said on how wonderful this hotel is !! excellent service and exquisiteaccomendations. rooms are beautiful and welcoming, spa is excellent, food delicious,lounge are sweet, and patio is lovely . staff is beyond sweet and efficient
a top class hotel, great location within walking distance of many attractions and shops etc., excellent staff and service, hotel cats add a touch of novelty, rooms very comfortable, bathroom toiletries very nice and luxurious
its was my fourth or fifth time at this institution! always feels home with great and elegant service. they are never over, never snobbish, always elegant and helpful!  another think i love at bristol is the attention to details....wishing to be soon back.
our overall experience was great. the check in was very personal including  remembering this was not our first stay at the hotel. the representative at the reception quickly checked us in and then escorted us to our room giving us a quick tour of the hotel and facilities. the room was well appointed, bright and comfortable.  the evening turn down service was great. the staff at the restaurants and bar were attentive without being intrusive. the concierge helped us with good restaurant recommendations and reservations. the were knowledgeable about the museums and exhibits in paris and obtained entrance tickets.  no question a 5 star experience.
everything from reception to departure was impeccable! the staff was friendly and professional, the food exquisite and the whole hotel beautiful. after staying in many of the famous top hotels in paris, this is my favorite. i can highly recommend the bristol and hope to be returning soon.
i have stayed here three times, and on each occasion the experience has been amazing.  i was recently there and was upgraded to a junior suite, but all the rooms are beautifully decorated, the bathrooms are amazing, and the service from everyone is absolutely outstanding. i did  eat at epicure, but did eat at the brasserie 112 fauburg, and had a delicious meal.  i would thoroughly recommend this hotel - although it is expensive it is the epitome of what a palace hotel should be.
so my long time friend shirley and i decided to take a short trip to paris together: shopping and eating was our plan.i booked le bristol on this visit as i wasn't thrilled at the location of the hotel i stayed from my last trip.it is actually not my first stay at le bristol, but the memory of the last time was many years ago, the only memory was that they had champagne breakfasts and that the elevator was an antique.we arrived early around 10am as the flight got in around 7:30am. everyone from the doorman to the check in staffs were all friendly smiles and greetings. the gentleman who checked our reservation was efficient and courteous and suggested that we sit down to have coffee or tea while he checked on when our room would be ready. he cakes within the 5 minutes that he promised and informed us the room would be ready in 15 mins and he would come back to take us to the room when it's ready.we asked for a quiet room with 2 twin beds and the room was bright and spacious with good lightings.the motif of the room is decidedly european with dainty wood furnitures...definitely no usb ports or electrical outlets hidden in the desk nor the night tables so please don't expect any of that. however there are enough wall sockets to accommodate all your iphones and ipads and gadgets for sure.the bathroom was well appointed as well with separate shower and bathtub. the toilet is separated with non see through glass panel so there's enough privacy.two separate closets space, one by the front door and the other by the bed for you and your friend or family. additionally there is another storage with drawers and safe deposit box. we were happy troopers during our stay. good sleep is not a sure thing for me but the mattress and pillows were very comfortable so i slept very well indeed. eatery consists of the lobby coffee shop and the fine dining epicure...note to all michelin 3 starred :)we use epicure for breakfasts all three days and had dinner there one night, again superb. i will review epicure separately for those who need referencing. i love the atmosphere and decorations at epicure, floral drapes, nice embroidered chairs and windows look out onto the lovely courtyard with topiary and greens and lots of flowers.  the courtyard looks like it make a lovely outdoor wedding reception area. i like it because it's not overtly formal, you know it's fine dining but it's also inviting and comfortable. the service again is attentive and courteous without being grand standing that some places tend to be.the breakfasts are great although do expect the price to be more than the other five star hotels but i think given the convenient and very safe location the wonderful service attitude of the staffs as well as the quality of the food i find it very acceptable. the concierge was also helpful in booking our 3 dinners and again wonderful gracious representatives of the hotel.my friends (including jackie who also booked here to join our trip from london) are all happy at my choice and all say they will return here for their paris trips and of course i would gladly stay here again in the future.
we have been to paris a number of times. stayed at le bristol for the first time and could not have been more pleased. the accommodations were first class. the hotel personnel were exceptional. you were made to feel that this was your home. the food and service at the hotel's dining areas were superb. and the location to shopping and attractions is great. highly recommend.
in october of 2011, i stayed at the george v and at that time felt it was the finest hotel in which i had ever stayed. six years later, i stayed at le bristol and this experience unbelievably surpasses what i experienced at the george v. what i have to say does not at all diminish the excellence of the george v, but instead merely delineates how much more special is le bristol.i found room 611 to be a luxurious room with the requisite chandelier and an all white marble bathroom with two sinks, a separate shower and tub, and a toilet with bidet. this is a fairly standard room in most five star hotels, but it is what is outside the room that makes this hotel truly special. le bristol has a beautiful interior with spacious seating areas, a charming open air cafe, an elegant bar and two world class michelin starred restaurants. the food at all venues was outstanding, as you would expect at most restaurants in paris.the location of le bristol has most every hotel beat. it is on the tony rue du faubourg saint-honore. the elegant street is lined with designer shops, boutiques and cafes and is a short distance from the champs-elysees, which, sadly, has become rather cheesy with american stores and fast food joints. it's centralized location makes walking to famous sites and museums a breeze.le bristol has weekly cocktail parties which brings together the management and the guests. at this gathering i met leah marshall, the hotel manager. i have never met a more friendly and accessible manager, who i continued to see during the week as she constantly circulated around the hotel. i also met eric regnier who is the front of the house manager. he was extremely kind and gracious and was often situated in the lobby greeting guests. lastly, i met cecile reynaud, who is responsible for guest relations. she was amazingly friendly and helpful, offering information and advice on all things parisian.the staff i met and the staff with whom i interacted throughout my time at le bristol created an incredibly congenial and familial atmosphere which i have never before experienced in a hotel. i truly felt a part of the hotel and paris during my time there. i have stayed at a multitude of five star hotels in the us and around the world - from regular rooms to lavish suites. i have also cruised on the most luxurious cruise lines. the service i have received has been at the highest level, but none of it has surpassed the service at le bristol.while i have only stayed at two of paris' palace hotels, they are two of the highest rated ones. you could not go wrong with either, but if you want a truly special personalized experience, i would stay at le bristol. i know i will again on my return to paris, as le bristol has become my favorite hotel in the world.
without a doubt one of the finest hotels i've ever stayed in.from our initial greeting at the front desk, to the moment we checked out four days later, the staff at this establishment were astounding.the deluxe room overlooking the oft-photographed garden was impeccable (and, yes, i couldn't help but take a few pictures myself from the window).the bathroom was a wonder, from the dual wash basins, to the rain shower, and marble bathtub.and lucky us, we got to experience the pool and the spa just before they closed for maintenance.it will be difficult to stay at other hotels and not think about le bristol.  but alas, my wallet is not bottomless.
one of the best hotels i even been. this unique environment and style they offer make you have a great stay. service,room environment and views, amenities and food is amazing! i stayed for 2 nights only and it was just an amazing experience
just by the elysee, and the most glam shopping road.perfect concierge with friendly and competent service.our room 510 was sufficiently large and very well lit, i enjoyed it even though the style is a little to classic. the turn down service was nice the first night even with rose petals and 2 roses on the bed.the bathroom is very modern and efficient but it lacks of some toiletries (such as mouth wash and shaving cream) that at this level are almost standard.very good wifi all over the place
le bristol paris is a remarkable palace hotel that is both completely modern and evocative of the grand epoch of paris luxury.  its location on rue du faubourg marks it as one of paris' great hotels.  and yet, for all its opulence, le bristol paris leads every other paris luxury hotel because of its exceptional staff of genuine, knowledgeable, thoughtful, attentive and discreet professionals.  this mark of excellence and service ethic begins at reception and is fully embraced and confirmed by every staff member, including in restaurants, concierge staff, housekeeping staff, and hotel management.  a quiet thoughtfulness and tranquility inspire every aspect of the guest experience at le bristol paris.  it will be a pleasure to visit paris and le bristol again soon.
the bristol is always wonderful when in paris.. the hotel needs a refurbishment as it feels a bit tired in the guest rooms and suites, but the service is beyond compare.. the bar and the restaurants are excellent as well..
"my husband and i stayed at le bristol for the first time about two weeks ago. we were in paris for several reasons...a (belated) significant birthday celebration, our 23rd wedding anniversary as well as visiting our daughter who is doing a study abroad program in paris. our stay at le bristol was truly special and mostly because the staff, headed by ms. marshall, from the moment we stepped into the lobby, made us feel as though we were the most important guests of the moment. we were given a beautiful room upgrade with a view of the eiffel tower and we are now thoroughly spoiled because i am not sure we can stay in paris ever again without a view of the eiffel tower from our room! the room was huge with a sitting area. the bathroom was luxurious. we had a relaxing cocktail in the hotel bar before dinner the first night and it was really almost a show with the very talented bartender coming to our table to personally shake (with a certain jazzy rhythm) my husband's martini. my husband and daughter both had a massage in the spa and both raved about their spa experiences. we even received a visit from the resident cat fa-raon one afternoon who followed me up to my room and took a nap with me before dinner. the hotel is in a fantastic location...walkable to so much that we wanted to do and see and a quick car, cab or metro ride to others. we have stayed at several of the other ""palace hotels"" in paris but i think we have found our home at le bristol for the next time we are lucky enough to find ourselves in the most beautiful city in the world."
there are simply not enough stars that could be awarded to this hotel! wow! my new favorite hotel. absolutely gorgeous. fresh cut flowers everywhere. the food is exceptional. we ordered every dessert on them  menu. the pastries are to die for. the customer service is the best i have ever experienced. anywhere. the staff always greets you with a smile. they go out of their way to make sure you feel welcome and that any need you might have is met. from the hotel manager to the front desk staff to the housekeeper, the staff is so hospitable and accommodating. they make you feel pampered.we brought our three year old daughter and the hotel is beyond kid friendly. the amenities for kids are incredible. we walked in our room and they had cat shaped short bread cookies, a special drink, a stuffed rabbit, kid's robe, and slippers. there was even a special rabbit shaped children's menu for room service.they have a sweet kids club for the kids to enjoy. i really can't recommend le bristol enough. if you ever have a chance to stay here, take it!
le bristol is a magnificent hotel, where the quality of the staff makes a beautiful hotel a truly outstanding experience.the check in was an absolute pleasure.sonia papet and her concierge team were insightful, diligent and extremely patient with my party of 5 that changed plans so often.114 faubourg was awesome and l’epicure was out of this world.and although it is such an elegant and sophisticated hotel, my kids felt at home everywhere and the whole staff was warm and friendly. jean-marie burlet, the head of guest relations, seems to know every guest of the hotel by name and i wili miss our daily conversations in spanish.we can't wait to go back.
i had planned my 60th birthday at this palace hotel some months before and was certainly not disappointed at the magnificent service and attention to detail in all aspects of the hotel.my checkin was a little early but no problem my bags were taken and was told i would be contacted when available.i had only started to do a little shopping when contacted and told my room was ready.my room on 5th floor with balcony was perfect and a view of eiffel tower was amazing !a special treat was brought to my room to start celebration of my big day began.that evening i had dinner at le 114 faubourg i was made feel like a kingdinner was perfect each course explained in detail and matching wines were suggested.as desert arrived my table was surrounded by staff who sang happy birthday and when finished customers clapped and wish me a happy night!my 2 nights were like a dream in another world the staff and management were faultless in every way.the standard of hotels at this level in paris is amazing but le bristol is that one step ahead in everything they do to make you feel so very special.
"having stayed at a number of 5 star hotels throughout the world, i must say le bristol is the best. the decor is truly what you would expect a 5 star historic parisian hotel to have. rooms, restaurants, and common areas are impeccable and beautiful. the service level from the doorman to the hotel manager is top. what puts this hotel over the top is the culture of ""welcome"" ingrained in all of the staff. instantly from the warm greeting at check-in to the friendly service in the restaurants and bars to the chamber maids and doormen you feel like this could be your home in paris forever. bravo to the team of the bristol!"
we chose the bristol due to its excellent reputation and perfect location. although it was a business trip the hotel could not have been any better for business or leisure. the staff was so accommodating and quickly new my name and used it throughout my stay. i felt as though it was my home in paris. the front desk/concierge and bellmen were exceptional as was the housekeepers. we did not spend much time at the hotel during the day but they always greeted us trying to ensure they made our stay comfortable. the house cat cleopatra was a lovely touch, carefully watching over the lobby as guests moved in and out of the hotel each day. there are many new hotels in paris but this classic hotel is one of my favorites.
"my wife and i stayed here twice during our three-week visit to france in may 2016.  we have stayed here many times and it continues to be the yardstick by which we measure any other hotel anywhere.the heavenly experience begins with a friendly greeting by any of the several doormen.  then, every clerk we've ever had greets us with a smile and welcomes us by name.  on the way to our room, even the maids in the halls smile and say ""bonjour!""  our room wasn't ready when we arrived in early may, but jean-marie burlet, who heads up guest relations, offered us lunch in the lounge while we waited, on the house.  after 90 or so minutes, we went to our room which was perfectly clean and brightly lit.  the bed was very comfortable and everything about our junior suite was appealing.we ate at both hotel restaurants, 114 faubourg and epicure, on both visits, so those are reviewed separately.  in between our visits, the hotel kept a bag for us.  actually, they just kept all our clothes hanging as we left them in the closet plus a bag with extra clothes, which we found in our room when we returned two weeks later.  we were delighted to see our ""paris clothes"" ready to wear as soon as we returned, this time to a one-bedroom suite!what makes le bristol better than heaven are all the little touches: the genuine smiles, random employees walking by and greeting you by name, the house cats who tolerate all the attention, the myriad incredible bouquets of flowers, original artwork everywhere, the incredible cleanliness, and the always extended helping hand when you need it.  we ran into jean-marie burlet several times and he remembered our prior conversations and asked us about those.  we couldn't have felt any more at home because of him and the rest of the le bristol staff.i haven't mentioned her yet, but the absolute vibrant heart of le bristol is leah marshall, the hotel manager.  every day and night we would see her walking around the hotel, greeting guests, taking the time to ask how things are, and acting like those guests are the only ones in the whole hotel.  she is amazing!  she even came over to us in the cafe antonia and sat with us for awhile and discussed our visit to southern france (she remembered from our prior visit) and other things at le bristol.i can't recommend this hotel highly enough.  it is truly heaven on earth."
stayed at le bristol for 3 nights during the 2nd week of may and what can i say, near perfection, everything about this fine establishment was top notch.  the location was perfect, everywhere was within walking distance, for example champs-elysees, eiffel tower, the street of saint honorne with shops on both sides and the presidential palace within a minute's walk.everything within this hotel spells opulence, from the helpful staff with the check in and the attention to details speaks very highly. the rooms are huge by parisian standards and your every need is taken care off which makes you feel right at home.  there are 2 fine restaurants within the hotel, a one star and a three star. i even managed to secure a last minute reservation at epicure which makes my stay so wonderful.the only downside i would say is the very very expensive room rental, other than that, its perfect.  i will definitely make a return visit when i am in town.the other minor blip is that the hotel were having some minor reservations and there were some construction noise during the day but its ok as i was out most of the time.
we decided to visit la ville lumiere. and we really enjoyed it. paris does not need any word to describe it. it is simply spetacular. every corner is magic. this hotel is almost perfect. the staff very attentive. and the room was elegant at all! we will back soon
my daughter loved this place .  the location and restaurant is great ! everything was worth it. we enjoyed this amazing place .  beautiful hotel and the service is amazing !! love love it here !! so much to do in paris but this place is a must for family
stayed for just 2 nights and were not disappointed. they remembered us from a stay 17 years ago. room was beautiful, quiet and comfortable. most of all, it's the staff that makes this hotel great.wrote in advance for a special meal and boy, did they deliver.a great, great hotel.thanks
we stayed at le bristol for 4 nights while we were attending maison & objet in paris. our experience was top-notch from start to end. we arrived very early in the morning after an overnight flight. even though our room was not ready, they put us temporarily in another room to rest. the room we ended up in was huge and beautifully appointed. the bathroom was also great with la prarie (love!) products. the housekeeping staff was discreet and extremely thorough. we never had to call down for anything.the bars and restaurants are all of very high quality and the staff is attentive, never leaving you wanting for anything. the location is also superb and there are many attractions (and glorious shopping!) within walking distance. this is classic paris at its best.
this is probably the best hotel in paris. with a 3 michelin star and 1 michelin star restaurant in house, this is a gastronomic ballet!!!even the breakfast is served with such elegance!!and ofcourse the service is top top top class!!! this hotel is flawless in every way possible.can't wait to go back
amazing.  22nd wedding anniversary and they treated us like royalty, even though we were there on a gift certificate from charity auction.  wonderful staff! :-)  beautiful hotel!! posh!!  room had a tub and shower, terrace and view of the eiffel tower from our window.  easy walk to the champs elysees.  wonderful shops all around the hotel and adjoining streets.
hotel le bristol is just beautiful!! we were visiting for our anniversary and were upgraded to a junior suite with a balcony overlooking the serene gardens in the middle of the hotel complex. flowers, champagne, fruit, etc were brought to our room throughout our stay. thank you.
just had a meeting close to this hotel and decided to spend a night there. i used to have my lunches very often at this place in the past. coming from london, booked a junior suite and mentioned that i would be arriving early in paris and would love to have my room ready when i arrive. the room was ready and i was upgraded to a magnificent suite with two balconies. the service was top notch and the staff very attentive to any of our requests. i was also impressed by the quality of the staff, the location of the hotel, and all the details which make a stay at this type of place awful or fantastic. i has been fantastic.
beautiful rooms, to suit most tastes (if you need a piano, ask for one!), excellent choice of food at breakfast, lunch and dinner, and an extremely courteous staff whom i must thank for finding the first copy of my book, that i thought i had lost.
this hotel is the best hotel in paris. it has giant rooms, food is delicious, the pool is very good and nice on a hot summer day. going in this hotel in winter is also nice because of paris under the snow.
a great institution in the heart of paris.the warmth and service of its staff is what makes this place as wonderful as it is.a grand old building with a lovely courtyard garden.the watchful eye of its canadian hotel director and her rooms director jannes, as they walk the floor morning to night, make their guests feel special.the concierge team are fantastic, the restaurant staff the same, the breakfast room is heavenly.the gym, not up to modern international standards-v small; but don't let this stop experiencing this great place, i am sure they will soon sort this out.so basically, this is the five star place to stay in this great city.a drink and salad in the bar, joined by either of the white resident cats will take your worries away!bravo le bristol...
delighted to return to the bristol. impeccable again. the building is immaculate and the staff a total delight from arrival to departure. service brilliant without being obsequious-just the right balance. room very good with full view of eiffel tower. both restaurants were excellent and well worthy of their michelin stars.we were there on night of 13th nov. and while deeply shocked the personnel coped extremely well and the level of service never faltered despite the difficulties. brilliant effort. we were habitues of the crillon but when that reopens we have a real problem for choice! bravo to all
"it is a very beautiful facility although not monumental in design.  service is attentive and impeccable.  desk staff and concierge staff ""know"" you from the beginning and are attentive and accommodating in all respects. the building is constantly being cleaned, painted and maintained.  one of the elevators is a magnificent wrought iron open 19th century style  we always walk both up and down.  however, at le bristol we sometimes ride up because it is somehow fun to be in this elevator.  our rooms have been equally lovely and well appointed and maintained.  bathrooms are totally modern, everything works great, good products.  tv has stations from all over the world and i am fascinated by watching late at night, even when i do not understand what anyone is saying.  there is still much to glean.  but i digress.we have had breakfast on our plan and so we ate daily at the formal restaurant facing the interior garden.  both restaurant and garden are extremely beautiful, peaceful and again well maintained each day.the breakfast is so beautiful that we always ate more and took longer than we otherwise would tolerate.  you just cannot rush.  the ""captain"" is long tenured olivier who brings the perfect balance of professionalism and friendliness.the lounge is attractive contemporary and moderately dark space, generally calm and a very nice spot for peaceful drink and snacks.excellent location central to attractions, shopping, antiques, restaurants.the only negative is that it is extremely expensive."
i love this place! its beautiful, service is great, food is excellent! personnell is very nice and attentive.i love hotels with inner yards, it adds so much romanticism! swimming pool is not big but the view from the terrace is amazing! overall the hotel is the best place in paris ti stay!
great hotel !!!we returned for our 6 visit ...we recommend that all of friends stay at this exceptional hotel  ....the best experience....well trained staff from the top to bottom...they work very hard to make everything prefect for their guests ...we will be back next year
i had the delight of a stay at le bristol paris last month.a combination of elegant classic design with surprising interesting features, like the lovely bar and brilliantly creative swimming pool,  make this hotel a delight to the senses. we were placed in a fantastic room with beautiful design and decor.the warmth and accommodation of the front desk,  concierge and restaurant staff, render this a fantastic  experience. don't miss the wonderful restaurant.  please experience the enchantment of le bristol.
a long overdue review of what we can only describe as one of our best hotel experiences ever. we were returning to paris and le bristol after a 2-year hiatus. in the meantime, we've been lucky enough to stay in some amazing hotels around the globe. the visit to le bristol was right up there in the discussion of our favourite places. rooms were impeccable and the service levels out of this world. leah marshall and her team went out of their way on every level to look after us and make our stay memorable. the hotel decor is classic and timeless with quality oozing from the fabric of this spectacular hotel. architecture and art are paired perfectly to create a calming ambiance. this was contrasted by the staff however, who were on hand at all times to swiftly meet your every need. the superb little touches and attention to detail from all the staff really made it a special stay and breakfast at epicure was truly superb. fantastic quality and again the service levels were absolutely superb.my wife and i were visiting for a weekend break and the location made our visit a dream. a short stroll from shops and restaurants of the champs-elysees, we were able to come and go throughout the day with ease whilst taking in the sights. we had a room on one of the higher floors and the views across paris and the eiffel tower were magnificent.whilst this was a leisure stay, my wife commented that she'd be more than happy if i returned on a work trip and it would be a perfect base for her.we look forward to our next visit to le bristol after this truly memorable visit to this spectacular grande dame. i cannot recommend the hotel enough.thanks for a memorable stay that will sit long in our memories.
we recently stayed at the le bristol again for a 3 nights. upgraded to a junior suite which was lovely.as has been said over and over in most if not all of the other reviews, le bristol is simply the best. period. i am not going to repeat all of other review positives, but would like to illustrate why i say this.unlike a lot of high end properties, both times we have stayed here i felt that in addition to a consistent, flawless execution of the basics, the team of professionals made our stay special due to the small things they did. three simple examples:1. we had an open bottle of wine in our room one day; when we returned, the staff had corked it off with a le bristol wine stopper. nice touch.2. my wife had a pretty serious cold when we were there. she requested cold medicine and the concierge didn’t skip a beat. they went to the drugstore [early in the morning as i recall] and voila!, delivered the medicine to us. heck, we wouldn’t have even been able to find the drugstore let alone communicate with them.3, we asked the concierge for restaurant and other recommendations several times and their advice was perfect each time. in any business, it is the small details that sets one apart.  the team at le bristol  clearly understand this, and this is why they are, and will continue to be successful.i look forward to another visit to paris and le bristol.
this hotel is luxury at its finest! we only stayed one night, but the staff were extremely courteous and helpful - almost as if they would anticipate our needs before we spoke them! you feel like you're in paris from another decade - this hotel has the charm that other, newer luxury hotels lack. the stand-out features: the rooftop pool with an almost 360-degree view of paris, the spa, the restaurant l'epicure (best food i've ever eaten) and of course, the staff.bonus: the hotel has two white cats that roam the lobby - super cute!negative: i'm struggling to find any, but if i must, it's that wifi is not free.
from the moment you walk in, you are welcomed with warmth, intelligence, and engaging smiles. the lobby is pristine, as if the facility had opened an hour before your arrival. wherever you go within le bristol, you are made to feel as if you are a celebrity. whether you go to the garden for high tea, or an aperitif, you are enveloped in a spirit of joy. you will continue to experience this all to rare level of service in both of their restaurants, the 3 michelin star epicure, and the 1 michelin star 114 rue du faubourg. should your schedule not permit breakfast in the restaurant, room service does offer scrambled eggs with black truffles which accompany each bite. the feeling that you experience when you enter the hotel, continues as you enter your room. spotless elegance which somehow manages to be comforting, accessible, and relaxing.  above the physical splendor of the facility, it is the staff that elevates le bristol to the otherworldly. the doormen, the porters, the servers, the bartenders, the hosts, the concierge, the front office, housekeeping, and hotel operators generate a warmth that only comes from people who enjoy and take pride in their responsibilities. arian, who was there to greet us, and irina from the front office are two of the standout ambassadors of le bristol. i am sorry that i do not remember the names of the many staff members who contributed to our incredible visit. when you encounter this rarified level of customer service, it obviously begins at the top. ms.leah marshall, is the  orchestrator of all you experience. so if you should see a salt and pepper haired dervish of energy, do try to stop her and let tell her of the splendid time you are having. which is something we plan on doing when we return.
from arrival to departure, staff are friendly and professional – providing an exceptionally personable service. the hotel is well appointed, and maintained to an extremely high standard. the suite was spacious, with two entrances, large lounge, separate bedroom with additional seating area, and bathroom with separate bath and shower (see photos). room service was excellent – in terms of quality and service (particular thanks to eric). breakfast at epicure is without compare – the poached eggs being the best i’ve tasted anywhere (particular thanks to olivier). the concierge provides a service second to none (particular thanks to sonia and simon). a treatment at spa la prairie is a must.i have had the pleasure of staying in a number of leading hotels throughout europe and asia. without a doubt, le bristol is a class above all others. thanks to leah and her entire team for a very enjoyable stay.please see my separate reviews for epicure, bar du le bristol, le jardin francais and spa la prairie. however, in summary, all excellent.
this is by far one of the best hotels in the world, there is no definitve doubt about it. its so perfect, something so strange to see now days, but its just perfect. the staff, he cleaniness, the professional attitude, the friendly faces, the spacious rooms, the courtyard, the food, pool; everything is spectacular. it was my first time at le bristol and i will definetly be coming back everytime im in paris.
this hotel feels like you are in a palace.  the moment you walk it they treat you like you are at home.  polite, friendly and attending to all of your needs.  the restaurant in the lobby and terrace is superb.  the spa- must ask for a facial . the bars - especially fun - le bristol bar offers a dj that plays good tunes, every night, at a moderate volume so you can enjoy talking and the atmosphere is great. the pool is tremendous and has a balcony that looks toward the tour eiffel. arian and vicktoire - front desk mgr were so accommodating during our stay.  location/location/location- smack in the the center of everything. this hotel should be the epitomy  of luxury with  any traveler.
excellent hotel even for a one night stay. very good pick up service from the charles de gaulle airport(someone was waiting at the aero-bridge). quick check in but we had to wait till 4pm to get the room as the hotel was fully booked. spacious room with all facilities needed. excellent pressing service done in 20 minutes.the garden was the perfect place for an afternoon glass of champagne and a superb eclair au chocolat.dinner at 114 which is their michelin starred restaurant. excellent food, service and wines.the concierge was particularly helpful.
of all 80 leading hotels of the world we have stayed in, the bristol is certainly at the top for its standards of service and cleanliness. from the moment we were welcomed with genuine courtesy and engagement by tomas until we left with a warm handshake from the general manager, the experience was an undiluted pleasure. this was the second time we have stayed, and we hope to return again before long.
the bristol is a very fine, comfortable and luxurious hotel, like a hotel should be.....!!!the rooms are spacious and indulging, the service is impeccable and even the food, for a hotel food, is not bad at all.i strongly recommend travelers to stay there.
"having stayed at half a dozen ""five star"" hotels in the last month, i can say with confidence that this hotel deserves the rating.  yes, they have the villeroy and bach bathroom fixtures, two michelin starred restaurants, and a great location.  all of this pales compared to their ability to make the guests immediately feel at home.  all of the service, none of the stuffiness.  they really understand that it is all about ""you"".  simply amazing.  after this experience, i cannot imagine being in paris and staying anywhere else."
we had a suite and it was gorgeous. the room was plenty spacious. the concierge was super helpful and kind. housekeeping was great. however, i have to admit i expected a few daily extras when paying so much for a hotel room. the first night we were surprised with small stuffed animals for our kids which was so kind!  plus little slippers. :) the rest of the days there were no little treats (chocolates or extra soaps, etc.). we ate at the restaurant one evening and they sent us champagne one night because they got my order wrong. like totally wrong dish. ha. the bathroom shower couldn't keep a consistent temperature but was really clean. it kept going from hot-hot to cold-cold.   all in all, i would totally recommend and i'd come back myself. i do think, adding more extras like the ritz would be a nice touch.
le bristol has the very best housekeeping i have ever seen, spotless, even day of check out we went downstairs for breakfast voila' our room was made up like new!, a service that most luxurious hotels have long since forgotten. reception was super nice, not so lady in charge of breakfast seating at restaurant, very disorganized . room service nicely prepared , food somehow below standard.  this place has so much charm, we can't wait to go back.
yes it's #1 with a bullet and #1 on ta for a reason... you walk in and no less than 3 to 5 staff at a minimum are there to greet you and are waiting for your service request... no service request, then they'll just say bonjour or bonne journée! as we suspected and then later learned, don't come early and expect your room to be ready because 3pm is checkin and not a minute sooner - lol is ok, we survived.. but once you are a guest, the staff cannot do enough for you!. the carpets throughout the property are the plushest cut-shag pile i guess you'd call it. never felt carpeting this thick in my life! the rooms are immaculate and impeccable with no detail spared. shower amenities are par excellence as well!they boast 4 micheline star restaurants and we have been to them both with our favorite the 1-star 114 faurbourg - even went there just for burgers one night... right on!very posh neighborhood the french president's residential quarters is literally one-block away so expect some not so terrible traffic delays around the area.hiccup - yes we had a hiccup... we came back on day 3 at 2pm after having been gone for 5-hours with the please make our room sign out and yet, our room was not ready... frankly, for this place and this price point, you expect more! ow well, c'est la vie!
"le bristol hotel can certainly be called a ""palace hotel"". differently from other hotels classified in the same category, everyone from the staff (from the doorman to the manager) knows you and makes you truly feel at home (your home in paris as they say). the spacious gest rooms at the residence wing were refurbished and have a wonderful view of the french garden. the hotel offers a unique gastronomic experience in paris (from the breakfast with a view to the french garden to the unforgatable gastronomic experience at the 3 michelin star restaurant epicure) and has one of the most amazing club sandwich i've ever eaten. when they say the concierge team can achieve the seemingly impossible they couldn't be more right. in every visit to the hotel, all my requests (including restaurant reservations, concerts, exhibitions in museums, you name it...) were 100% fulfilled. the guides they suggest to accompany guests on tours, always have deep knowledge in their respective fields.one special thanks goes to jean-marie burlet (chef de réception) for his unparalleled dedication to accomodating all our requests.if there is a place to stay in paris this is the one."
whether i was calling about my reservation or asking the concierge for shopping advice.. i was always met with a delightful and eager to please attendant. the hotel itself is delightful with easy access to transportation.
i admit that what make me fall in love with this hotel is its natural sight. i like colours that make me relax although i was in a business meeting. service is good not forgetting bedrooms that are wonderful. trust me you will enjoy your stay at hotel bristol. .
"the old adage, ""you get what you pay for"" is absolutely true and more! what an amazing hotel. the staff is lovely and responsive, the rooms are fabulous. breakfast is yummy and the rooftop pool is a fun respite in the middle of a very busy city. i stayed in several different hotels over a month in paris to experience different neighborhoods and this one is the top of the list! even the guests here are friendly and happy. where else do you go that everyone in the elevator says ""bonjour."" loved it and i will return."
booked the 90 year celebration package.before arrival exchanged some mails since i wanted some amendements.they were duly taken care off.on arrival sara set the standard followed by barbara.our room was ready at 11.30 which was a great start.the room was perfect.fresh,clean and wonderful layout.the building in itself is stunning and really is a palace.had dinner at the 114(part of the package) which was a lovely experience.breakfast is served at l'epicure and we were given a wonderful table.there is always a stool to put your bag on and jacket was kept in a cloakroom.again a wonderful breakfast.le bristol is in a category of it's own.the staff are really professional and i think surpass or equal the oriental in bangkok.there was however an incredible let down which still puzzles me.they held an event for mkg(hospitality services and education) which shut down the epicure,garden and coffee bar.the guests were left to cramp themselves in the bar area.how can such a brilliant hotel do such a faux pas.anyway we will have to come back to experience all these parts which is not a bad thing.a really world class establishment.
my wife and i stayed here for our anniversary and it was simply spectacular. 5-star in every way. super staff. very romantic hotel in the city of romance. the hotel handled every aspect of all private transfers and airport services. a+!
if  you want to feel like queen  take a room at bristols room elegant staff extrem friendlybreakfast delightfulpool on top of the hotel very fine and i was the only person to swim just another feeling like a queen moment
we just returned from 4 nights at le bristol in paris.  the stay was flawless.  the room was beautiful - a jr. suite, not huge, but certainly more than large enough and with a lovely view of the eiffel tower and the grand palais.   not only was the staff helpful, and followed through on every and any request, they also were genuinely delightful to interact with.  and special kudos to their 1st concierge, emmanuel de oliveira who made magic happen for us time and again.the room, the food, the service - everything about the hotel was truly better than first class.  we will stay there again in a heartbeat!
we spent one night here between flights, and what an experience it was ! laure, the lady on reception, showed us round the hotel, including a visit to the spectacular 6th floor pool, and introduced us to one of the hotel cats, cléopatre, before showing us to our rooms. the rooms are about as good as hotel rooms get - very spacious and well equipped.all of the staff were delightful and remembered our names for all of the time we were there. the location in paris is unbeatable - five minutes from the champs elysées and of course on the rue du faoubourg saint-honoré. we also had dinner in epicure - but see my separate review for that.in summary, not something you could (or would want to) do all the time, but a great experience on a rare and special occasion.
the decoration in the my room was horrible, but i m in love with the terasse outside. breakfast and tea time are the best. the location near st honoré is very good if people want to shop around and the service also was good. i recommended this hotel for people who like old style decoration
my wife and i spent 1 night at this superb hotel over the christmas holidays.the service was top notch providing very personalized and friendly service in all the areas. not at all aloof as one would expect most palaces in paris to be... the gastronomic dinner at epicure was simply amazing and a truly memorable experience. definitely worth the 3 stars in the michelin guide it was awarded. the stylish and tastefully designed suite felt more like someone living room than a hotel guestroom and we love the room number #888 which for us is a very auspicious number. we treated ourselves to a facial and massage treatment at the la prairie spa which was the best we ever had. overall loved our visit and can't wait to return! will recommend all of our friends in china about our amazing experience…
what a beautiful hotel! our flight arrived late in the evening and we were so glad we had booked the car service to meet us at the airport. as we walked off the plane a representative from the hotel was waiting for us. he assisted us to baggage claim quickly claimed our bags and escorted us to our driver. this was only the beginning of the superlative service provided by everyone we encountered. we were invited to a wine tasting by the general manager and enjoyed meeting some of the top notch staff. the wonderful concierge staff booked a private guide for us with a car and driver from the hotel. i would highly recommend charles for anyone interested in art as he was very knowledgable about a number different areas. we loved both of the restaurants and the bar was fun!
have now stayed at the bristol hotel in paris three times for special occasions. the staff are amazing and remember all your esoteric requests from the last visit. each from has been beautiful. the xmas trees and decor are so festive and very high class. fit for a queen. expensive and beautiful.
if you want the most spectacular christmas ever, come to the le bristol paris in december.  we did and it is just exquisite.  we went for a girls' weekend to celebrate our 50th birthdays, and we learned that you can leave the bristol but you look forward everyday to coming home, its just way better to be in the le bristol bubble!  from the elegant outside decorated in boxwood and red bows and white lights to the foyer's magnificent tree and the spectacular christmas buffet display, you will never want to be anywhere else during the holiday season! venture out to the courtyard and rockefeller center has some competition!  the general manager leah marshall welcomed us back and made sure that we loved our room!  she told us about all of the hot shows in the city and made sure we received the best tickets! the baccarrat exhibit at the petit palais, the niki de falaise exhibit at the grand palais, and the top of the eiffel tower.  the concierge staff including jean francois and sonya treated us like royalty! they are so helpful and so accommodating!  our room was gorgeous and the housekeeping is amazing! we went to the peacock bar every night to enjoy the house cocktail compliments of the house! we went to 114 for dinner our first night where ms. marshall stopped by to make sure we loved our dinner which we did!  we walked everyday to the champs de elyses where the christmas vendors line both sides of the streets.  you can have a hot chocolate and a crepe as you stroll and do your christmas shopping for everyone at home.  ride the carousel and see the entire city and all the beautiful christmas lights! it is a wonderful life..in paris..at le bristol hotel..stay in the bubble..you'll love it!!!!
this is going to be a short review because like my last review on this hotel i can confirm that it is still as great. had a wonderful stay here early desember. the hotel was in a christmas mood, it looked spectacular. the same great staff was here, the rooms still lovely and big. and everything works perfectly as usual. this was my fifth stay and is not going to be the last. i wish this hotel and their loving staff a great holiday season and hope to stay longer next time. greetings from oslo
we just came back from our european tour and we styed here for a 3 nights stay and we had a great time! the hotel itself it't wonderful and the suite we had was extremely clean with every comfort you can ask! the concirge service was outstanding, they reserved restaurants and tickets for us, and their recommendations were great and very helpful! we will stay here again if we will come back  in paris.
we have recently stayed here for part of what was the best weekend of my life, due to my boyfriend proposing. staying here for two nights was a complete surprise.first impressions of the hotel was that it was very grand looking. the staff were very friendly and helpful as soon as we arrived, we were showed straight to our room regardless of arriving early.we were advised straight away that the roof top pool was out of use but that they could give us access to a local one in another hotel.the hotel kindly upgraded us to a beautiful suite which was amazing, with a huge surprise bouquet and bottle of champagne waiting for me that my now fiancé had organised. we also had a fruit basket courtesy of the hotel. our room overlooked the gardens, which was a beautiful setting and extremely peaceful.the second day, we had the most amazing breakfast in our room, which arrived bang on the time we requested. when we later returned that day a beautiful cake and another bottle of champagne was again waiting, another surprise my fiancé organised. we then went to eat in their restaurant l'epicure, which was amazing and definitely worth booking a table there.the only cons of our stay here was that i expected there to be a tea and coffee making facility in the room and did not expect to have to pay for wifi when we had paid so much already for the hotel. it worked out so much cheaper to use my own data with my mobile network. we also asked for two shirts to be ironed which we were charged for express service on top of the price, we did not request express service as it was not needed the same day, however the hotel deducted this straight away without question. the final con was that the hotel has a hotel cat, which is a big fear for me, luckily i only saw it once which was when it ran into the restaurant which i think is unhygienic and put me on edge, but the waitress very kindly removed it as soon as we advised i did not like cats.overall this was the best hotel that i have ever stayed in and would certainly recommend, i hope that i get the chance to return here one day.
we stayed for three nights in the hotel. we had an amazing time there and we really felt welcomed by the entire staff. we had dinner in the epicure restaurant as well as in the 114 faubourg restaurant which was great. also the breakfast was amazing, a bit expensive perhaps.we enjoyed the fruit in the room. a small tip might be to offer some complimentary snacks at the end of the afternoon. it is always appreciated to discover some snacks when you return to your room after spending the day shopping. a macaron or some biscuits will do the trick i guess.unfortunately we chose three days in the week the pool was closed so no swimming for us. better luck next time i guess, because we will definitely return to the hotel and would recommend it to anyone who can afford it.
after a nice brisk walk through a lovely neighborhood, we arrived at this posh hotel to be guided to the garden-like seating area. coffee, pastries and cheese were more than enough to leave us full for a better part of the day. i have to admit that their croissants are the best i have ever tasted in my life. they must have been kneaded with lots of love and affection.
i have stayed here 4 times, and even though i have also stayed in other premier parisian hotels (the ritz, plaza athénée, georges v), this has it all! it is in the heart of the best area in paris for shopping. since it is also across the street from the élysée palace, many foreign dignitaries stay there, along with their security detail--so it is one os the safest places to be in paris. there are several great spots for food at le bristol. the bar at the bristol, is beautiful and a wonderful rendezvous spot. le jardin français is such a unique outdoor garden setting--unlike anything else in paris. i had one of the most memorable dinners of my life at epicure, the gastronomic restaurant. the rooms are also so elegantly furnished. i go back every time i am in paris!
my husband and i were guests at the hotel le bristol for a week and our stay was sheer perfection in every way.  from the moment we were greeted at the airport until we sadly boarded our plane home every person we encountered, every service we used and the entire staff did whatever they could to make us feel special.  there arent enough superlatives to describe our experience at hotel le bristol and we can't wait to come back.
we spent two lovely days here on a return visit towards the end of september.  we had a delightful room, the staff were charming and efficient and it is a wonderful hotel. since our last visit nearly two years previously free internet is now available.  i only have two quibbles.  i think the bath towels, (lots and frequently changed,) are rather small and not as thick and fluffy as we would have expected.  also i dislike pedal bins! this is a personal view, but i find them very irritating.we had the pleasure of eating in both of the hotel's great restaurants. bistro 411 was a buzzy busy restaurant with charming helpful staff and we had a very enjoyable dinner with friends. epicure is much more serious, but again charming staff who did their best to make dining there not only an unforgettable experience but also an evening of lightness and fun.  the food looked as beautiful as it tasted.
staying at the bristol in paris is stepping into ultimate hospitality and luxury. each room is impeccably maintained and beautifully decorated. linens and  bath products , the roses on the room service tables and the perfectly enameled wood trim and polished brass hardware fill senses and sight with an understated luxury that is transporting.dining at 3 michelin starred, l’epicure, the number one restaurant of 13,000 in paris, is an unforgettable awakening of the palate. the delicious late evening meal of fish and chips 114  faubourg  had presentation to rival taste.  the  open lobby bar was so perfect for conversation or eating light fare. elegant  music wafting from the grand piano each day made it hard to get up even for paris shopping! directrice leah marshall and wonderful staff can often  be found on the curb greeting and bidding farewell to guests. they all worked hard to make our stay memorable, palatial and gracious. we look forward to our return.
it is the best hotel we have ever stayed at!!!....everything is perfect ....the staff works very hard to please the guests .returning back to the bristol is coming back home .the location for walking and shopping is perfect .we could not have had a better visit to our home in paris
this was my 4th visit to the hotel this year for business and it never fails to disappoint.  the rooms are pure luxury, with huge beds that you could sleep in for days, elegant furnishings, and spacious bathrooms.  you always receive such a warm welcome the minute you walk into the grand foyer, and every member of staff i've encountered has been extremely helpful and friendly.  this time i was even lucky enough to meet one of the resident hotel cats - a real treat!
excellence is the first word that comes to mind here. perfect location, beautiful lobby area, chic, classy yet warm service throughout, in my view this place is surely very difficult to beat in paris. the hotel offered everything i could possibly require. my room was absolutely perfect in every respect. excellence, perfection, beauty... well done le bristol paris, well done... .
the bristol in paris is a wonderful property.  well located and excellent accommodations.  there is even a house cat with his own room! was the hotel in the movie midnight in paris..five stars and five star pricesm
from the moment you enter until the moment you leave, you feel extra special. staff is elegant, attentive, deliver service with style and grace. service is always impeccable here. my favorite place in paris!! highly recommend. decor is warm and full of beautiful fresh flowers. staff makes you feel at ease and relaxed. we really enjoy it here
everything's was perfect .... i can juts say i love this hotel :) the room was luxurious  the service was perfect the best hotel in europe ive ever seen .....  all of the staff were fantastic , we had a small great party there and that was wonderful ...
every aspect of our time at le bristol was perfect - the rooms are truly luxurious and the hospitality is the best we have ever experienced! the welcome we received was hugely appreciated after travelling 24 hours from australia. marjorie was particularly helpful to us, but all of the staff were fantastic - doormen, porters, reception, restaurants, spa, housekeeping and concierge services. the hotel is exceptionally well located for easily walking around paris.we had a further short stay before leaving france and the warm 'welcome back' we received from everyone, including management, was outstanding! a heartfelt 'thank you' to everyone at le bristol for giving us lasting memories of a great time in paris!
we recently spent three nights at the hotel le bristol.  our party included 2 adults and 2 children.  the hotel is beautiful and the rooms we stayed in had been recently renovated so everything was fresh and new.  the service is exquisite and the food in the restaurants is first class.  what made le bristol stand out for us is their care and attention for the younger guests.  everyone was unfailingly kind to our children and always made them feel welcome.  the only issue we ran into was that the pool, which my children were eager to use, was closed for two of the three days of our visit. however, guest relations went out of their way to apologize for the problem and ended up buying us dinner one night in their restaurant!we loved paris; we really loved hotel le bristol.  i cannot wait for a return visit.
i myself work for hospitality industry and am fortunate enough to stay in some of the best hotels around the world.i have to say that le bristol paris is out of the world. from well trained staff that made us fill like a part of their family. from location, deco, facade and the rich art on the wall made it the stay even richer. from the day one till the day we left everything was perfect.i can keep writing great things about this hotel but i will make it short by saying this place is out of the world.dawa gyaltsen
sometimes it takes just a little to see a bright side from a dusty one.my second experience at le bistol has been completetly different form the previous one, making me forgetting my first stay with the oetker family.to me what makes an hotel a fantastic place is the desire to come back, the pleasure to feel home even where home is not, the kindness of the staff, a smile when exhausted you come back to your room, a good smell in your that stays in your memory, a good service and this time thanks to two angles: madame leah and mr thibault i was feeling a sense of family even in the grandeur of le bristol.paris is a fantastic city, rich of extraordinary and magnificent hotels but sometimes missing that sense of attention and care so necessary when we travel...and the staff of the bristol knows what we need.this time, everything was impeccable: the service, the room, the great view over the grand palais, the breakfast in the courtyard, the pierre frey upholstery, the new bar but over all, the human touch.thank you
had the best service. there is no request too small or too difficult . we normally stay in four seasons and le bristol service and attention to detail was much more superior . we stayed twice at the beginning and the end of our trip. when we came second time,stuff recognized us right away  and our room was ready despite that we arrived early..restaurant is highly recommended experience..we will be back.
"we are back from six days at le bristol and what magnificent days they were in our deluxe junior suite #118. there was no view which was acceptable since our package included a gratis upgrade. on our first day we were fortunate to make the acquaintance of fa-raon who, perhaps as befits a french aristoc(r)at, was a bit aloof at first but then settled down for a lovely little, um, chat.  le bristol is the finest hotel of our ken -- gorgeous environs, kindly service, brilliant concierges, notable white-marbled public areas, especially the indoor tea/piano lounge, bar and lobby.  no marble in the hidden garden where magnolia trees, roses, geraniums, ivy and plush grassy lawns afford the lucky alfresco dining and sipping -- also, a place to see and be seen; the former was great fun, the latter inconsequential, i expect.concierge service is almost spooky at le bristol. sans advance notice, sonia conjured, seemingly from the air, tickets to a same-day concert at sainte chapelle then did the same with tickets for the pompidou and orsay together with written addresses which we could hand to taxi drivers (some of whom don't speak anglais).  as marvelous as sonia is, her colleagues were equally helpful and brilliant.  i felt as if i were being watched over by extraordinary nannies for adults which was useful as we don't know our way around paris at all. appreciated the ease and security; anxiety melted away as adventures became accessible.a note about that sainte chapelle concert -- it's a small venue (ex royal chapel with stupendous stained glass) yet has better and less better seating areas.  upon arrival, the usher looked at our tickets, then asked which hotel had made the arrangements.  when i responded ""le bristol,"" he promptly escorted us to front row center seats.  it was a sell-out crowd, nary a seat went wanting.guest relations manager stephanie looked after us upon arrival which was earlier than our room was ready (we'd just come off a canal barge tour of the upper loire) so she treated us to tea and coffee in the garden.  she caught up with us again on our last evening and we enjoyed talking with her about our parisian adventures.i know my way around spas (golden door, esperanza, other rosewood sites, etc.) yet never had i such a sumptuous facial as at le bristol's la prairie spa (it may sound fishy but there was caviar). the hair salon also was at the top of its game; ask for michelle, she's fab.our deluxe junior suite included a roomy foyer and walk-in closet as well as spacious living room with armchairs, sofa, coffee table, writing desk, chest and two floor to ceiling storage areas faced with mirrored french doors. king-bedded room featured more storage, a vanity and another armchair.  the bathroom was chock full of amenities and the separate marble shower has a footsie-wash spigot (i swear!).room service:  boy howdy can high-end hotels in the u.s. learn from le bristol.  hot breakfast arrived within 20 minutes, every morning.  many room-service deliveries (and we were profligate in this regard) arrived within 10-15 minutes. also, delicious and beautifully served.  why, yes, we're planning another stay."
le bristol has become the standard against which i evaluate the many hotels i visit, and no hotel in the world quite measures up. some come very close, but le bristol has an ineffable extra that sets it at the very top. it's not just the splendid rooms and suites, the attentive yet subtle service, or the superb cuisine in its two michelin starred restaurants.  i can't identify it, but i sense it from the moment i arrive at the front door until the moment i have to, sadly, leave. a wondrous place.
you simply won't get any better in paris than le bristol, and in my opinion, europe. the very definition of personalised service and a familial atmosphere in a grand palace hotel. expensive and worth it. congratulations to the wonderful management, staff and the owners for making it perfect time and time again.
i have stayed at many top hotels in europe and north america and hotel le bristol remains my favorite hotel.  the charming staff greet you warmly from the moment you arrive and endeavour to make your stay memorable.  sevice at all levels is flawless.  the rooms and public areas are beautiful and classically elegant. the concierge never fails to procure tickets for special events for us.  the hotels offers so many outstanding dining choices including the exquisite 3 star epicure, the charming 1 star 114 faubourg and the clubby bar.  room service is impecable and never fails to honor my requests for no salt and everything on the side.  hotel le bristol is very centrally located - one can walk with ease to all the sights and shopping areas.  i look forward to my twice yearly visits with great anticipation.
this is a classic old style elegance luxury choice in paris. expensive but worth every penny. superb service, a court yard which is breathtaking and a staff that makes you feel special. dont miss breakfast.
one cannot make a better choice in paris than the hotel le bristol. le bristol enjoys a prime location on the right bank close to all attractions, shopping and restaurants. the service is impeccable. our room was quite large and very well equipped will large closets and lots of storage space, a very large marble bathroom and a comfortable bed.  it was very quiet both inside the hotel and with no noise from the outside. i special mention of jean-marie burlet, the manager of the front of the house who makes sure each guest is satisfied and receives the best service.
i spent my honey moon at this great hotel in 1996 and its better than ever now.. the service and rooms are truly magnificent!  huge rooms with balcony views off the the rue  st honoree are most desired. the staff amazing, service  like no other.  its close to the elysee palace but even closer to the stores like hermes, and others. very elegant and chic, yet very discreet. do not know how to explain that. the restaurant is extremely expensive for both breakfast and dinner. but if you are already staying here, indulge !  cheers !
"we ""won"" a two night stay at le bristol at a silent auction for the benefit of special olympics of southern california.  we were/are going to be in paris for two months (in an apartment that we have stayed in when ever we come to paris [which is often]) and so we picked two nights that might be less hectic than the weekend.  this hotel is lovely, to say the least and the staff friendly and welcoming.  we had a lovely room with a view of the garden.  the weather was on and off so we stayed inside all but 15 minutes.  a great pool, a very nice (and reasonably priced) spa, and a beautiful garden.  when you are fortunate enough to be taking a mini-vacation in paris, you can do crazy things like that.  we know the neighborhood well, so our 15 minute walk was just down to the élysée palace to see if anything interesting was going on (it did not appear to be the case so we walked back to the hotel.  we took all our meals there and they will be the focus of separate reviews.  this was a once in a life-time stay (unless we get lucky at next year's special olympic's fundraiser)."
staying at the bristol is like staying in paris with warm welcoming friends . in fact it doesn't feel like a hotel at all. you are greeted by name from everyone and they remember every   detail no matter how large or small.  i asked what type of rose was in the room service bud vase and before i knew it a bouquet of them were delivered to my room. guest relations head stephanie simonpietri is extraordinary . it's her personal mission to make guests happy- she bends over backwards to do this and boy does she succeed! honestly, she doesn't leave to go home until you are happy! many 5 star hotels in paris have large bright beautifully furnished rooms like the bristol but its their special attention to details and intense desire to please their guests that sets them apart from all the others. it starts with didier le calvez  (who put george v on the map) he somehow knows every guest in each of his 188 rooms and makes sure his entire staff does too. add in the extraordinary food plus the la prairie toiletries and the prices seem completely justified. don't bother staying anywhere else when  you're in paris .
as world travelers who have enjoyed high end service for many years, le bristol far surpassed all previous experiences.we arrived to expected salutations but from reception to door men, every person wished us a happy anniversary. we had let them know before our arrival it was a special trip for us (10th wedding anniversary) and not one person on the staff we encountered didn't wish us well.the communication between departments from concierge to housekeeping reached a level of perfection that we appreciated from the first day to the last.  our only disappointment was not receiving the financial paper we had asked to be delivered daily.one of our greatest delights was seeing how cared for and welcomed visiting pets were treated.  from the hotel cat to multiple guest dogs, it felt like a palatial home instead of a hotel.our experience is one that raised the bar for all other hotels and we look forward to returning to le bristol as soon as our schedule will allow.
our family had the opportunity to spend four days there last summer.  wow, is all i can say.  it is an absolutely beautiful hotel centrally located on the champs elysees.  having stayed in london a few days prior, we had an early arrival and they were able to accommodate the four of us with an early check in.  we were greeted so warmly and the staff the entire time was extremely helpful and friendly.  we had two large beautiful connecting rooms.  each morning we enjoyed a wonderful breakfast in the courtyard which was a perfect start to the day.  the hotel also has an indoor swimming pool which our daughters enjoyed using after a long day of sightseeing.
i don't know what to say but beautiful this place is real beautiful. the room is amazing that i enjoyed staying here so much, the food were excellent. the staffs were so so nice. this is a top hotel so of course it is super clean
i stayed at the bristol for several nights in march. the service and the room were fantastic, amongst the best in paris. pricy? yes. but worth it. my one suggested improvement? to graciously offer wi-fi instead of a daily newspaper.
"we just spent 2 amazing nights at this fabulously opulent hotel and can't wait to return.i must thank all the staff for their courtesy, friendliness and panache.  everyone, including the chambermaids, was very professional and charming.i would like to mention jean-marie burlet for his easy manner and charm and also for the champagne whilst our room was being prepared and the upgrade. we loved our luxurious suite overlooking the beautiful garden. fabian coubry for showing us around, helping with the wi-fi connection and always being there to help make our stay really comfortable.  he epitomised ""service with a smile.""laurent jeannin, chef patissier, for my mouth-watering, chocolate covered birthday cake, which no words can describe how beautifully decorated and delicious it was - talk about ""to die for!"" arezou for her bubbliness and making the delicious margarita cocktail! last but not least, helene, concierge, and the doormen, the whole team for their kind help in arranging restaurants, taxis etc.a very big thank you also for the birthday good wishes, scented candle to bring home and everything else which made our stay very special.if you want to feel very special and be surrounded by amazingly helpful and charming staff, look no further!"
we spent 3 nights in the honeymoon suite, an absolutely fabulous apartment looking out over the rooftops of paris. the eiffel tower, the roule de paris, and the grand palais are all in view from the balconies and windows. the staff at the hotel was impeccable; they anticipated and fulfilled every need. we started every day with a perfect breakfast, delivered to the room. we returned every night to champagne, dessert, and a cognac in the bar. the perfect luxury hotel in the city of lights.
my husband and i cannot say enough wonderful things about this hotel.  it really made our vacation to paris so memorable.  we are well-heeled travelers, leading hotel members of the world and this hotel exceeded our expectations immensely - from the staff, elegant french décor, fabulous restaurants, lounge (thank you btissama and yusef) and bar to the ever so efficient housekeeping staff that never missed a beat.  while i can go on and on, i have to thank the concierge staff - jean-francois, helene and numerous others which i do not have their names, but without their help, my husband and i would have been at a loss seeing the sights, making dinner, taxi and tour reservations especially since we do not speak french.   i also want to commend fabien coubry and jean-marie burlet who welcomed us every day back to the hotel and sincerely went out of their way to make sure that all our needs were met  daily.  while this is an expensive hotel, it was worth every penny.  this is the finest hotel overall experience we have had - absolutely nothing went wrong.  how many times can one say this on a vacation???  we are already talking about returning and cannot wait to do so.
i want to write a really bad review, so people will stay away and make the hotel easier to get a reservation for in the future.  however, i cannot in good conscious do so.  this is one of the finest hotels i have ever been to.   absolutely 5 star in every way.  yes, it is expensive...but in this case you get what you pay for.
i stay in many palaces and 4 or 5 star hotel in the world, 2/3rd of my nights in almost all continents, and every single time i stay there, i feel this is far the best palace in the world, thanks to the staff across the services that is the most efficient and friendly without being intrusive.. i am tired of groom and staff asking me where i come from and what i am doing here, this is not friendly this is boring over and over,,, at le bristol, all employees are so friendly, seems so guppy to work there, from the bar to the restaurant, from the front dest to the room service! thank you all for having make again my stay a wonderful experience!
i highly recommend le bristol in paris. it's expensive, but if you have the budget it's worthwhile. we stayed here for one night bang smack in the middle of paris fashion week. as you can imagine the hotel was full and bustling with vip clientele. the great thing was that even though my boyfriend and i have nothing to do with fashion week, we were given the utmost attention and truly 5 star service. nothing was too much trouble, including our request for an early check-in and an upgrade to a more premium room.the hotel and room was immaculate. large, comfortable king size bed. beautiful large white opulent bathroom. the indoor pool up on level 6 was amazing, and i highly recommend taking a dip in it and a steam in the hamam and sauna room as a great way of shaking off jetlag!breakfast the next day was served in the restaurant overlooking the lovely courtyard garden. we opted to simply have the continental (already included in our room fee). we were given tea/coffee/juice etc, along with a basket filled with yummy french pastries. when our rather large pastry basket was dwindling, the waitstaff simply brought us over another basket without the need for us to even ask (it was too much for us to eat, but so nice of them to bring it for us anyway).all up i would recommend this hotel to anyone travelling to paris who has the budget to stay here. the only downside was i couldn't find the resident hotel cat. maybe next time i will find him for a cuddle!
my wife and i loved everything about this hotel, the staff were so friendly and the rooms were spacious, comfortable and had a very nice design with a luxurious bathroom. the bed was very comfortable, we had a great nights sleep which was needed after our long flight. the food was amazing too, we cant wait to come back here again next year.
this historic hotel is a walk back in history of french royalty. the rooms are gorgeous and the staff is very attentive. the food was a culinary delight.  i cannot wait to return to those lovely days at the bristol.
really enjoyed our stay! its fantastic one of my unforgetable holiday! i love the place! ambience is very good! room service, breakfast in bed, wow! i feel like a queen! very convenient, near to all the shopping centers etc. will be back!
this is a beautiful hotel located in a very upscale section of paris. the staff was outstanding. the breaded foie de gras has no peer. breakfast in the garden was well done. concierge is excellent. we had a suite and another connecting room. absolutely beautiful you pay for it but you get everything you pay for.
"first class, all the way. the staff was friendly and extremely attentive;  our suite was lovely (with a peak of the eiffel tower in the distance).  no complaints (well, except for the ""big shot"" whose body guard held the antique elevator on his floor for a very lengthy time....need i say rude?) fresh fruit in our suite daily, and the chocolate birthday cake was a nice surprise and delicious!epicure is very pricey, but, oh so worth it!wonderful in every way."
we recently spent several days at le bristol with our adult children and two grandchildren.  it was beautiful, pristine in condition and the service was exceptionally friendly and helpful.  the kids loved the lobby cat and the fabulous enclosed pool.  the staff made all of us feel welcome and comfortable.
this june i was in paris and a good friend of mine suggested we go to le bristol for lunch.it was one of the best dining experiences i have ever had. we dined at epicure, a wonderful room just off the garden. large and bright and open to the garden. the food was delightful. the service was perfect. very attentive but never intrusive. my friend and i had a delightful experience. after, we walked down rue st. honore towards place vendome. did some shopping and continued on toward the marais and to our hotel. a wonderful afternoon in a wonderful city.
"ah, le bristol!we were eager to return, having stayed at the hotel in 2007 to celebrate my wife's 60th birthday. it is one of only four paris five-star hotels deemed worthy of the assignation ""palace,"" and it certainly deserves the accolade, seemingly impossibly having become even better than it was last time.we've been fortunate enough to stay in some of europe's and america's finest luxury hotels, but very few can compare to le bristol. all have extremely high standards of service and everything else one would expect of a fine hotel. but le bristol's staff, from the very highest level, president and general manager didier le calvez, to the lowest level chambermaid, exudes a virtually unique warmth, concern and friendship that is characterized by its absolute genuineness. those smiles are not painted on, and people at le bristol participate in conversations, not merely idly listening to them. not a trace of obsequiousness to be found.ok, so jean-marie burlet, guest relations manager, might have used an old trick (of having the doorman slip him our names from the luggage) to enable him to accost us by name upon our delayed arrival, but his greeting was no less genuine. he was present in the lobby virtually every time we passed through, eager to ensure that we were enjoying our stay and ready to offer whatever personal assistance we needed. other seemingly omnipresent front-of-the-house staff, including jérémie tolédano, our receptionist, and eric régnier, front of house manager, were equally helpful to a turn, jérémie offering his first-hand experience of the changing moods in monet's les nymphéas rooms before our visit to musée de l'orangerie.one evening, we attended an intimate cocktail party given by the hotel for select guests. over champagne and hors d'oeuvres, we chatted at length with le bristol's hotel manager, leah marshall, a gregarious transplanted canadian by way of california and a veteran in the luxury hotel segment, about our trip, our dining choices and our stay at le bristol. when we commented about our observation of the ""face"" of le bristol, she said it was one of the things she insisted on improving even more upon her arrival in 2009. the idea is to eliminate all artifice, treating hotel guests as if they are entering a fine home, not necessarily a commercial establishment. the hotel, family owned since it opened in 1925, was founded on that principle, and it has continually honed and enhanced that image, never more so than in the past few years.it's no coincidence that, as we were leaving to travel on to london, jérémie asked us to wait a moment. leah had asked to see us before our departure in order to bid us farewell personally.a wonderful, unforgettable stay!"
beautiful in every way. perfect in every way. everything is pristine. location is the most desirable in paris and the staff is the sweetest i found in a 5 star hotel. free wifi is a plus! yes, the hotel seems to be perfect in every way... just the price is too high... sorry!
what can i say?! the hotel le bristol is absolutely superb in every aspect. our check in was smooth and fast, very attentive staff, fantastic spacious room, you cant ask for more! highly recommend. will definitely return.
we just completed out third stay at the hotel and each time it is better than before. service is amazing, hotel is beautiful but all in a very subdued way. everyone is there to help but always in a discrete way. they staff all know what rest,nts we enjoy and not only make all the reservations , they also notice if we are late leaving and call the rest,nt to notify them without us asking every room is different, and each time we find our new favorite can't wait to return again
from the moment i checked-in to the moment my friend who drove me to the airport, i loved the experience. being a first timer in europe, with no knowledge of french, it was amazing how my friends there sorted out everything for me. i didnt feel like i was checking-in. in about 5 minutes, i was taken to my room. the moment i stepped into the room, the marble flooring, hermes, the washroom, the so comfy bed made me so happy. my friend jean was like a saviour. he helped me out with everything i needed for my night stay. its not just about him, there was another friend on mine (who, sadly, i dont know the name of) even greeted me by name. he pronounced it so perfectly just after 12 hours of my check-in and inspite few celebs staying over there. the friends there are just great. you would never feel lost.epicure served me some delicious food and bristol bar was great. i preferred to dine the last day in my room facing the tower. the checkout was simple. though i felt the stay was touch expensive, recounting the experience made me re-think that!shopping areas were nearby and rightly pointed out by my friends there. without them, i am sure to have had a tough experience. loved it.
dear traveler,i just returned after spending three weeks in europe. i am very grateful, 5 star hotels have become my home away from home. le bristol in paris is in a league of it's own truly leading in the hospitality business.  they are so out front that no one competitor is even in sight!  the pride and care every guests receive is truly so very special.the new le bar a spectacular edition making your late evenings especially on the weekend very entertaining with some amazing sounds from some of paris's most talented dj's.  le bristol you might want to consider selling some of the discs by just calling them the sounds from le bar.hats off to real top class operation and absoulutely worthy of this years travel and leisure 2013 best of the best.well deserved and keep up the excellent work!!!!!!!   mr.  anthony j vecchione nyc
my fiancee and i stayed at le bristol paris for 6 nights in june 2012 and we absolutely loved everything about it. our suite has beautiful views of the eiffel tower, was enormous, tastefully decorated and equipped with what could well be the most beautiful and spacious bathroom in paris!service throughout our stay was impeccable. we loved the epicure restaurant (i recommend the tasting menu!) and had a lovely evening at 114 faubourg (more informal so it's perfect for a relaxing dinner with fantastic  culinary creations)overall, a fabulous location, beautiful renovated facilities, unforgettable food and a truly luxurious parisian experience. we will definitely be back.
finding a good sized, 'fresh' room in paris can be a challenge, but to find one with a huge bathroom too is a real treat! le bristol has that 'parisian feel' that's so desired but has a contemporary finish so it doesn't have the musty, dark small spaces that the 'authentic parisian hotels' do. we loved the lobby bar, for the friendly interaction with the wait staff and cosy atmosphere for cocktails. in fact all the staff we encountered were a delight. the hotel has a great location near the high fashion and arc di triumphe areas and is recently refurbished so it's fresh, clean and bright. other than the challenge of using such small tables when taking breakfast in the casual area, we have nothing to fault. we had a great stay over nye, in a great room and we would definitely return and recommend. (my husband and i traveled with our 20 year old niece).
a trip to paris is not the same without a stay at the bristol.  the location is perfect for any sightseeing and all the best shopping is within walking distance.  the pool has wonderful views of paris and the staff go out of their way to make your stay there as delightful as possible.  it has recently been refurbished and has a new restaurant which is well worth a try.  and do make good use of the concierge desk - i don't think there is anything you could want to do in paris that they are not able to arrange - our entire trip was made even better by knowing we were coming back to the bristol for a glass of champagne at the bar at the end of the day!
"the indifferent attitude to our disappointing stay has been rectified: we were invited back to a head-spinning 8th floor suite with sweeping views of paris.  needless to say the nasty plastic tubes under the sink, claustrophobic shower, and gluey products had vanished.  while still underwhelmed by the hotel's semi-renovated decor (and new spa, hammam too small for my russian baniya treatment), we were won over this time around by what needed the most improvement- the service- discreet, professional but relaxed and even warm, without being obsequious.  from the room service to cleaning to concierge (entry into le silencio) to spa to the front desk, overall service was absolutely ""palace"" worthy.  one last note- as with epicure, 114 faubourg does not disappoint.  amazing lamb, wonderful staff, interesting decor- but don't sit in the booths, tables too close together when someone tries to squeeze by to sit down."
i stay at this hotel quite often, no complaints on any aspect.it is simply what you expect from such a hotel.from reservation process to check-out everything is smooth, very friendly yet professional staff, awesome rooms.
the famed bristol service began before we had even booked.  i sent an email with a query.  they didn't email me back - they rang me - in australia!!  they even got the time right.it is a really lovely hotel with glorious rooms.  our first room was so pretty with a huge stunning bathroom.  it even had a little terrace overlooking the peaceful courtyard.  we arrived to a bottle of champagne and a glorious cake made up of layers of flakey pastry, creme patisserie and fresh strawberries and rasberries.  amazing.  unfortunately, when we took an afternoon snooze we noticed quite a bit of noise coming from the room next door.  when it finally became just too irritating i rang up to find out exactly what was next door to us.  it turned out that it was a cafe (not part of the hotel).  we were immediately offered a change of room.  as we only had a day and a half in paris we didn't feel like spending our time packing and unpacking but it was all handled with great efficiency by yu at reception.  they waited until we went out to dinner and then moved all of our things without us having to pack anything.  by the time we arrrived back, everything was set up in our new room.  this room was equally lovely.  no terrace but even bigger and wonderfully quiet.we found almost all of the staff wonderfully friendly and helpful.  the exceptions would be the door staff, who we found a bit alouf and never welcomed us back, and the breakfast service in the restaurant (although the lady who greeted us was very friendly).  however, the staff in the bar and in fabourg 114 were delightful.  we ate twice at fabourg 114 and found the food delicious, although the menu is perhaps a bit limited it you were staying for a longer time.  my particular favourite was the hard boiled egg and king crab - much, much nicer than it sounds and full of crab.the new bar is elegant but was rather deserted both nights we were there which gives it a cold feel.  i have heard since that they have stopped serving meals in the bar after 2pm which i think is a mistake, as it would be a nice place for a casual meal.would definately return to le bristol the next time we are in paris.
my boyfriend and i just returned from a 4 night trip to paris. we stayed at the hotel bristol. the property and the room were 5 star. the level of service across the staff was top notch. not only would the staff address us by name, several of the staff members went out of their way to help us with directions and reservations. i would like to highly thank and recommend laurence vernet, the events director of sales. in addition, i would like to acknowledge yoann and sara, bartenders extraordinaire at le bar. the concierge desk was very helpful. thank you to sonia for helping me find the bikram yoga studio.we will be making future reservations at this property. beauty, elegance and attention to detail! this is how i would describe the hotel bristol. the room was large and well appointed. the lovely flowers in the room and the hermes toiletries were very appreciated. thanks to all who helped make our trip a fantastic experience. jacalyn from the united states
this hotel lives up to its reputation, gorgeous rooms, friendly staff and mitchelin star restaurant.best of all divine garden for breakfast or a cocktail. divine hermes toiletries in room, after a very rough trip from venice to paris on orient express, this place was heaven
"this beautiful hotel was ""paris perfect""!  it's exactly what i envisioned a luxury parisian hotel to be with stunning decor and architectural details.  we stayed in a lovely deluxe junior suite which was very roomy with a beautiful view of the neighborhood - which was also beautiful.  there were wonderful treats waiting for us when we arrived which were well received by our 10 year old daughter - who also fell in love with the beautiful pool!  the hotel le bristol is located in a very nice area of paris with fantastic bistros and shops around every corner.  a favorite find was bread & roses which we visited often for pastries and lunch! the hotel staff was very accommodating but very formal which takes some getting use to.  the only two suggestions i'd like to make is that they include wi-fi and either replace or remove the welcome treats after the first evening as they then become leftovers which feels ""cheap"" for a hotel of this quality."
"two years ago we dined in hotel's gastronomic restaurant and found the charm of this hotel. therefore two years later we decided to come to paris before embarking our ship in rome. initially we booked junior suite superior for 5 nights and they told us if available we could get the  complimentary upgrade, but it didn't happen. when we arrived, they told us the hotel was totally booked out therefore there's no way for the upgrade. we entered our junior suite superior room in the new wing was shocked of its size, it is no way 55 square meters. they put one roller way bed at the end of the bed, it practically had no space for us to move. it felt more like 25 square meters. and the same time, the drilling noise from outside shook the whole room upset us even more. we went downstair explaining our situation to the front desk. the lady brought us to another quieter and larger room in the old wing (she told us this one is 75 square meters). we were so glad, but after viewing the room, suddenly she told us that we need to pay 500 euros ""extra"" per night, we felt we were tricked by them. funny thing is that we thought they told us that the hotel was totally booked out and no free upgrade available. but for extra 500 euros per night, they came out one extra room for us to pay our own upgrade. at the end we agreed to paid extra to upgrade to the junior suite deluxe because we were too tired to go to another hotel. at least they brought ice cream to cheer my boy up.we stayed there for 5 nights, not once were we greeted by our name. maybe they were too busy attending to mr woody allen, at least he is quite pleasant. the male concierges forgot to cancel our restaurant reservation and our ticket refunds as well even though we told them in person. they also couldn't secure the restaurant seating for us one month prior, but we quite like one of the lady in concierge desk, she was nice and tried to teach my son french. we booked a private tour thru hotel to chateau versailles cost around 400 euro was a waste. the tour guide was so impatient and complained of the noise from the school kids around us. we supposed to had 3 hours tour, but she rushed and finished around 2 hours. having tried this hotel for the first time but did not quite live up to our expectation, i guess i might still go back to george v or ritz."
the staff of le bristol were wonderful.  they were so kind and would do anything to make sure that i had a great time.  the hotel was absolutely beautiful. my room was extremely comfortable.  the pool was beautiful.  this was truly one of the nicest hotels i have ever stayed at and have raved about it to many of my friends.  some of my best memories about my trip had to do with the time i spent at le bristol
superb stay in paris, recommended from our business partner.since our arrival, staffs were professional and attentive to details. clearly another level of service comparing to top rated paris hotels.
le bestto me the difference between a good paris “palace” and a great one is the indefinable ability to make you feel like you walk through the fromnt door under steely gazes of the doormen and front desk staff,  that you belong. that you are welcome, and a valued guest.if is hard act to pull off.  last year the george v failed despite its vaunted four seasons staff.but from them moment we arrived at le bristol, we were made to fell welcome, and wanted.our junior suite was, especially for paris, fabulously large, as was the bathroom, which included a wicker chair as if to shout, “look how large i am:the bristol passed my 2 personal tests; 1) are there enough shelves in the bathroom left- over after my wife takes the mirror-side sink.  (there were). and 2) are there enough plugs in the room to plug in all the cords i need to re-power all the devices we travel with (again, there were though management should consider placing the plugs at table level or as some do in the desk so one does not have to crawl under a desk or night-table to plug in one’s rechargers)my one niggling negative was the $e21 charge for wireless.  if the oekers need money, add the cost to the already hefty room rate.  i did not care about the price when i booked le bristol, so another 20 euro’s would not have sent me fleeing back to the ritz but this charge (though not unusual) was to, me, a little over-the-top. i also must note that no ones seemed to know how many devices the charge covered and we had to call the front desk to set up more than 1 wireless devise. if you are going to charge at a palace you should assume that a couple has more than 1 device and should provide unlimited coverage.the 21 euros aside. bottom line; i shall return.
service is absolutely impeccable - amongst the best i've seen - but hotel is quite a poor value compared to other 5 star hotels around the world.  immediate vicinity also felt a bit lacking to me as the 2-3 blocks near the hotel are somewhat sparse for restaurants (but it is close to the champs d'elysees).  plastic bottle of diet coke in the mini bar was something like us$15.  while i can understand extremely high prices for extraordinarily good service or quality, that simply makes no sense.  room service was extremely pricey also (say ~ us$50 for spaghetti bolognese) but the food was so darn good it actually seemed worth it.  rooms were not, however, amongst the best i've stayed in although still quite nice.    overall, think that there are much better values in the five star range than le bristol.
the room was very beutiful and had a king size bed which was very comfortable. the location is a plus point(walking distance to brand shopping). the best is that the staff is very friendly (which is rare here). would stay again here.
"i would not normally submit this review. i have chosen to do so because i was asked by ""trip advisor"" to do so. the trade - off: i have not stayed at this hotel for many years (i rarely go to france any more). offsetting that fact is that i used to stay at the bristol many many times. probably 50  - as a guess.never once did i have a problem. not once.and, in my experience, that is an almost impossibly superb track record. my travel was long before april 2011everything, from arrival to departure, was excellent. always!"
we stayed here last weekend and had a wonderful stay from start to finish. beautiful elegant room, welcoming, friendly staff and a great location. could not fault it at all as they have thought of everything. just very, very special!
i stayed in this hotel for a congress,  breakfast was delicious, our room was quiet, comfortable and very well decorated. the staff made our stay one of the best i remember in any other hotel.
we recently returned from a one week stay at le bristol, and our stay was by far and away the finest hotel experience we have ever encountered. le bristol is truly in a class by itself. the location is terrific and the hotel itself is simply gorgeous. but what makes le bristol absolutely outstanding is the caliber of their superlative staff. from the moment we arrived until we departed, we were enthusiastically embraced by the entire staff and we felt like we were visiting our family. the entire staff – front door, front desk, restaurant, concierge – go out of their way at very opportunity to make a guest’s stay more enjoyable. the concierges are friendly, knowledgeable and proud to share the paris they know and love with the guests, providing insightful recommendations for places that became the highlights of our trip. to conclude, le bristol is exceptional in every way, and we cannot wait to return!
we have been to paris a few times and le bristol is by far the best hotel we have ever stayed in.  we went there in july with 3 young children and received the most wonderful service.  almost every staff addressed me by name and were very friendly and helpful.  kids loved the big rooms and the unique indoor swimming pool.
shower room must have been at least 6x8' of travertine marble. hermes toiletries. linens very comfy, if a bit frumpy. love the pool. location is fabulous for shopping on rue faubourg ste honore.
i have now stayed at the bristol twice in about a month.  both times the service was impeccable.  this hotel went out of their way to meet every need you have.  i wanted to get tickets for the few seats along the champs for when the tour de france arrived.  they got them for me.  i wanted a pretty large snack pack to take on a day long trip to normandy for my young son.  they got that for me.  in the pack they even sent silverware we could throw away, ketchup bottles, etc.  it was a full picnic.  if you go you have to have breakfast at the main restaurant near reception.  the service and food quality is a notch above the rest.  the pool area is great but it would be better if they could serve food up there and the kids menu is a little limited.
we last stayed here in november, 2010, & had an extremely unpleasant time.  the hotel was very  busy & the service was not even close to what we had expected.  we were  disappointed & expressed our feelings to them when we checked out & here at trip advisor. but read on...then something quite wonderful happened which we are still amazed about in a world where businesses no longer seem to really care about their guests or customers.  mr. vincent smarrella, resident manager of hotel le bristol, called us at home & said he was horrified by the feedback which he received regarding our visit.  he said the hotel thrives on taking care of its guests & providing exemplary service.  he explained that our experience was an anomaly & hoped they would not lose our business forever! we cannot remember the last time we received a call like this. because of it, we returned to hotel le bristol this month & while it was busy, we experienced incredible service & observed the treatment of other guests who were coming & going.  everyone (not only us who, obviously, they were on full alert for) was handled in a prompt, attentive way - by employees at the front desk, concierge, bellmen, front door,  room service,  restaurants, etc.  we sat in the lobby & observed the full vibe of the hotel which is quite exciting because of the international crowd.  we plan on going back again & again because we realized that our first experience was not the norm & the service here really is over the top. the food is wonderful & the rooms are decorated beautifully.  hotel le bristol is worth every euro!
re-visited bristol for the first time since the new addition.  i had a junior suite in the new addition--fantastic luxury surrounding with a view of the inner courtyard so great view and no street noise.  i very much like the new addition restaurant (114 faubourg) for breakfast--much sunshine which i like in the morning.  location is great and staff is great.  the bristol is on the corner of two of the most fashionable streets in paris.  i had dinner in the gourmet restaurant on saturday evening--one of the best restaurants in paris.  a light touch with amazing flavors.  formidable!
the friends we were travelling with in paris wanted the five star rive gauche  experience, and le bristol was my choice after have considered and rejected george v, the crillon, the meurice, the ritz and a couple of others.  location is important in paris because this is no small city, and le bristol sits on rue du faubourg st honore just off the champs elysees about where the tuileries end and the tat begins – very close to the grand palais.  if you’re planning a visit to sarko or carla, it’s very close to the elysee palace.  the nearest metro station is a 10 minute stroll.  not bad, but for culture vultures, you are better off in the first arondissement as you are close to everything (louvre, notre dame, marais, musee d’orsay etc). we were there to have fun after a big cultural tour of france and spain so it didn’t matter.let’s start with the room.  we had some sort of upgrade deal with amex and got a room in the new part overlooking the garden courtyard for about e750 (if you have to even ask the price, don’t go here).  the room was large, beautifully decorated, comfortable bed, masses of hanging space and a massive bathroom, soap from hermes, with a small corridor to the outside world, which you could shut off.  in short, a room you could move into, pack all your travel crap away and feel as though you had lived there all your life.  one criticism: low ceilings, which spoilt the effect a little.  one other small criticism on turn down – no free water.the public areas are just to die for.  the three star restaurant which i rated good rather than brilliant – i’d have given if it 1-2 stars – is located on one of those delightful terraces in summer and in a beautiful inside oval room in winter.  the bars and lobby are simply sensational.  the free breakfast is in a very sweet new restaurant on the rue st honore, was ok, but not quite up to the standard of the rest of the hotel.  do the a la carte breakfast in the main restaurant for about e100 a couple just once – extravagant, but worth it.the concierge staff were endlessly helpful about a zillion small things.  cars to rolland garros, window tables at the jules verne  and an airport transfer service which has a meet and greet at the airport accompanying you right through to your lounge or gate, as you prefer.  it all comes at a price, but they really make life easy for you.you could buy your clothes again with what they charge for laundry, the room water costs the same as wine, but if you want the experience this is it.  our friends who had stayed in the other places rated it more highly than the ritz or the george v.
this is a great hotel. location ,service, cleanliness and over-all look.the new restaurant is great! makes paris more magical!
beautiful place. a feast for all senses make sure you bring your swimsuit the pool is incredible. service impeccable.
excellent service and room  all and more than you expect at a four star hotel  can't wait to go back  betty
we stayed at the the bristol for 5 nights.  we opted for a larger room and were delighted to have a room on the 7th floor with views over paris from the two terraces ... enchanting.  the accommodation, service and staff were all excellent.i was particularly impressed with the after stay service.  i stupidly overlooked an item i had placed in the in room safe.  i called the hotel immediately i realised that i left a valuable item behind.  the hotel located the item and fed exe'd it to me immediately.  again superb service.the hotel is in a fantastic location, with easy access to the best shops in paris and the transport network (for trips further afield).  makes a change for a true 5* hotel to not put on 'airs and graces' but just get on with delivering a great customer experience in a discrete and efficient manner.
visited the hotel le bristol for three (3) nights in late april.  the service at the bristol is impeccable.  we were visiting for our anniversary (15th) and were upgraded to a junior suite with a balcony overlooking the serene gardens in the middle of the hotel complex.  flowers, champagne, fruit, etc were brought to our room throughout our stay.  the suite was very large with an equally large bathroom (great shower as well).  the hotel is peaceful and never feels crowded.  the business center was very helpful and the workout room and pool (top floor) were top notch.  we liked the bar for a drink before we went out at night.  really enjoyed the morning breakfast buffet in their dining room each morning.  we have stayed at the both the crillion and george v and the bristol is just as impressive.  the location is perfect (next to the presidential palace) and on the busy upscale shopping avenue in paris.  all in all, a flawless trip.
i am in the hospitality industry and run a luxury hotel company. i recently stayed in paris for a very special occasion. without hesitation i chose le bristol as its reputation amongst professionals is legendary. i was not disappointed and can even say my expectations were totally exceeded. the staff is absolutely perfect, kind and attentive without the robotic attitude found in other luxury hotels, warm without being familiar . the rooms were just what one would expect of such a place, traditional, exuding old charm but extremely comfortable and grand. we had a suite and my partner just loved it, chintz and opulent french style furniture but with plasma screens in both the lounge and the bedroom and a remarkable small business center. we are both foodies and had reservations in some special places in paris (jules vernes, robuchon, lipp) so we only experienced room service but it was perfect, the best onion soup ever and service was extremely fast. we are looking forward to our next stay so we can experience the restaurant.the gardens, the largest in paris for a hotel, are magic and a great place to have breakfast or lunch and the pool and little tanning terrace are adorable.but what really made the difference were all the delicate and touching attentions.if you are celebrating with a loved one, do not hesitate and book yourself into le bristol.i must finish by congratulating the whole team and thanking them for making a special stay so memorable... and i am a very fussy guest :)
lovely room, great service and the dinner we had in the restaurant was one of the best romantic dinners ever..if you can afford it: don't hesitate
just finished a six-night stay at le bristol, paris.  i was traveling solo - and couldn't have picked a more perfect hotel or location!the property is simply elegant, with a gorgeous marble lobby and hotel lounge, and quiet rooms surrounding a beautifully serene garden courtyard.  the service and staff were first-rate, the rooms very spacious - and the all-marble bathroom featured a huge soaking tub, french toiletries, and a heated towel rack!this place is expensive (i was in a deluxe room at 770 euros per night) - but completely worth it if you are looking for the ultimate parisian stay.  the location was perfect: a short walk to several metro stops (champs d'elysee, frankline roosevelt, or miromesnil ).  there is a starbucks just 3 blocks walk and a delicious patisserie nearby where you can pick up a quick sandwichor pastry on your way out for the day.  it's an easy walk to the champs d'elysee or avenue montaigne for luxury shopping (chanel, chloe, dolce & gabanna, etc.)   it is also about 100 euros less per night than the george v or the ritz.   if you are looking for luxury in paris - you can't do better!   i give it 5 stars!
"a member of the ""leading hotels of the world""  hotel le bristol is just beautiful!!i stayed here during my paris trip in oct 2003.this hotel is one of the nicest hotels i have ever stayed in. i want to go back!!the rooms were decorated in elegant parisian chic style with chandeliers. bathroom was so big! it was like a walk-in shower! there were 2 marble sinks each and they had hermes products. very luxurious!you must try the restaurant! breakfast was an experience. just delicious and the atmosphere just breathtaking.they even had mannequins displayed in the lobby to merchandise the latest christian dior range. loved it!!!(--)"
my wife and i recently concluded a most memorable 8-night stay at this magnificent paris hotel (dec. ‘23), where from start to finish, we received exceptional hospitality- including a truly luxurious, elegantly decorated guestroom suite with every possible convenience and appointment- along with service and attention that was uniformly top-notch. the iconic le bristol is a uniquely grand sanctuary that possesses that rare quality of being both palatial and intimate.  from the first moment of our early morning arrival, we were greeted warmly- first by valet staff at the front entrance of the hotel, then inside the exquisite lobby where we were met by a gracious and highly professional front desk team member who facilitated our registration. we were further uplifted as we viewed the dazzling display of custom designs and floral arrangements that had been installed for the upcoming christmas holiday. then we received an added morale boost in learning our guest suite would be ready for us in a mere 15 minutes- despite our premature arrival before 10:00 am. moments later we were ensconced in the hotel’s cozily atmospheric antonia’s cafe, savoring amazing cappuccinos and croissants. and it was to this oasis we retreated each afternoon after wonderful day-long outings around central paris, enjoying delicious snacks, coffee and glasses of fine wine. during our december visit, we loved not only the striking luxury in the interior design of our guest suite, but the layout, feeling of spaciousness, ample closet storage areas, and brilliant marble bathroom with a massive bathtub and shower- with gloriously powerful water pressure (great plumbing is an underrated feature). there were wonderful amenity items, and remarkable attention to detail throughout. the entry hall was exceptionally convenient, with plenty of additional space for suitcases, extra closet space, brass coat hangers, and seating. the amply-stocked in-room espresso coffee bar proved to be a pleasure of great convenience. we  concluded that the le bristol team had thoughtfully included every possible guest room feature (and also listen attentively to their clients). our bedding was nothing less than sumptuous, and we awoke each day refreshed with our best hotel sleep comfort in years.  the location of the hotel, near the élysée palace, is a quieter spot on the posh rue du faubourg saint-honoré- yet within very close proximity to all major landmarks - many of which can be reached easily on foot, a short taxi ride, or via a nearby metro station. .       le bristol’s super concierge team was an invaluable asset, both before and during our entire stay. as if working a rubik’s cube, they interlocked our many requested restaurant reservations with our other plans perfectly. they provided excellent suggestions, and prior to our arrival, secured great seats for a sold-out afternoon charity performance at palais garnier that we had been unable to obtain on our own despite efforts many weeks in advance. they were always pleasant in our interactions and flawless in their efforts. speaking of dining, the hotel’s own triad of dining options are a major ingredient in its stature as a top-tier, 5-star lodging entity. during our stay, we were fortunate to dine in several of the city’s finest restaurants, and le bristol’s premier restaurant, the 3 michelin-starred epicure is among paris’s very best- with an extraordinary cuisine and exemplary service. the restaurant is set in an elegant and immaculate dining room with views of the hotel’s lush, illuminated courtyard. the breakfast service- not to be missed- is also served here each morning (breakfast can also be taken, more casually, in the aforementioned antonia’s, or through room service). we were very impressed with the consistently outstanding and friendly service we received here each morning. also well worthy of a visit is114 faubourg, le bristol’s luxe two-story brasserie which offers an excellent menu in a chic, cosmopolitan setting, amid striking interiors that surround a dramatic staircase.  i must also make note of the superb daily and evening housekeeping service provided by le bristol’s great team of femmes de chambres. our room was always in a pristine condition, and every amenity was refreshed and restocked without exception. their service was far above perfunctory, as each day they made an extra effort in organizing the guest suite for us in a superb fashion. further to this standard, we noted that the hotel’s public areas were always a spotlessly clean marvel. as if by magic- i cannot recall ever actually seeing anyone cleaning anything. during the latter part of our stay, we discovered the nautically-themed little gem of a swimming pool on the hotel’s sixth floor. with its beautiful wooden deck and adjacent sauna rooms, this is a wonderful hotel amenity, and like the rest of the property, pristinely maintained. to executive staff member stéphanie noël and her exuberant assistant, rocia guliani, we departed with a trunk full of gratitude for your extraordinary hospitality. it made our celebration a memorable feast-  pour toujours  ⚜
the finest hotel in paris which just oozes quality and luxury.the customer service received is second to none.... if you want the best of the best, come here and be made to feel very, very special.  i was.
we’re back from our stay at le bristol paris and find ourselves still basking in the afterglow of genuine warmth and care that was shown us throughout our time there.  the holiday season is all about togetherness and the entire staff at le bristol completely felt like one big happy family welcoming us guests into their fold!  thank you for a memorable adieu to 2022!
le bristol lives up to its legend/reputation.  easily one of the best hotels we've visited in the world and unique in its essence of french luxury.  quite worth the experience! thanks so much for all the staff and especially to camille and eva for all their help during our stay.  pros:- nicely sized rooms especially for europe.- beautifully furnished - pictures don't do justice to how luxurious and nice the whole hotel is.  everything is very well kept and the details are sublime.- great service- from the initial email reservation to leaving the hotel, service at every step is responsive, consistent, understanding and helpful. - room service was the most consistent and fastest we've seen.  food is great - at a price - but quite delicious.  even the daily fruit basket always has fruit ripened at its peak.- beautiful common spaces and touches such as the evening piano and the splendid cage elevator.  - garden with the art and fountains was a treat for both the adults and kids.- location was nice and quiet but centrally located such that all tourist spots can easily be reached.cons:- gym is well stocked but a bit small - appreciate that it has windows.  the whole place felt like a retreat from the hubbub of the city - but so convenient and close to everything paris has to offer.our only disappointment was having trouble spotting socrate in the days we were there.  but then again, you can't herd cats....
in hawaii, the term aloha spirit is used so often that it has become almost cliche. however, the true meaning of this is reflected in the actions of people who treat each other with love and respect; send and receive positive energy and live in harmony. this is the essence of the staff at le bristol. from leah marshall (hotel manager) to jean-marie burlet (head of guest relations) to aurelie martin (head of rooms division) to front desk staff to restaurant staff and to evening housekeeping staff, the spirit of aloha is alive and well in paris. no matter when we passed through the lobby or dined in a restaurant, day or night, hotel management would greet us and inquire about how our day was going. this was not a simple hello - how are you?, but instead an instigation of an actual conversation of what you did that day and what other plans you might have for subsequent days. i have stayed at five star hotels around the world and have experienced the standard corporate approach, but never ever a caring and compassionate reception like i received at le bristol. if you want to feel like part of a family and experience the highest level of service imaginable, then look no further for a five star hotel in paris.the rooms are beautiful and appeared to be updated from our visit five years ago. the food in the restaurants was excellent and what you would expect from a hotel with a multiple michelin starred chef. a chocolate boutique recently opened in the hotel. if you like french chocolates, le bristol’s chocolate factory produces chocolates as good as any of the top shops in paris - and far superior to swiss chocolates in my opinion.as an aside, i would highly recommend wearing a mask indoors while visiting museums or any crowded venue. two of our five family members contracted covid, but luckily did not become symptomatic until back home. despite being fully vaccinated and boosted, they were most likely infected at the louvre or versailles, where crowd density was extremely high.if you want your trip to paris to be exceptional, there is no other hotel to even consider. le bristol stands at the pinnacle of five star hotels around the world. it is truly a special place.
we found le bristol to be absolutely perfect in every way.perhaps most wonderful was the brilliant concierge staff under the direction of  tony le goff.  quick and efficient in handling every request no matter how big or small or difficult.  tony himself was often on hand to offer his expert support.  thank you!food, service, accommodations, housekeeping - all five-star.i give six stars to socrate the hotel feline.  he is quite handsome and adds a home-like atmosphere to such a regal setting.while it seems we have tried almost every five-star hotel in paris, i think we have finally found a permanent home at le bristol.well done!
"this hotel offers everything you can wish for. one of those unique places you don't encounter too many times in your life. service is up there with the very best we've ever had the pleasure of enjoying. every staff member seemed to be focused on our well being from the moment we arrived. traveling for 4 hours by train and taxi with our 8 year old we arrived with a lot of luggage and some anxiety because we always seem to lose some of it in sight of the finish. not this time because of the swift and friendly help of the staff members already waiting at the door to help everybody out and in the hotel. such a great feeling to immediately feel at home as a guest and no longer having to worry about those suitcases and bags. and great service was here to stay, what ever our question or request was they happily assisted us and the staff of le bristol excels in helping you with organizing the best tickets, reservations, transport, etc. check in was super friendly and within 5 minutes we were up in our suite with all our belongings. let's get started! that's how we felt. our suite was large, super elegant, very spacious with a large living area, two flat screens, working desk and a really large bathroom. lot's of naturel light as well. hidden in a beautiful cupboard was the mini bar. the suite also had a walk in closet, perfect for families. not to mention the supersized bed where can you lose your partner (and sleeps great too). a wonderful vintage 2013 champagne was awaiting us to celebrate the new year, together with home made chocolates and many gifts for our son (hippolyte!). in short after a minute or so we already did not want to leave. the mini bar has everything you need, but the room service menu is many steps beyond what you normally encounter. literally for every minute of the day there are many many many options. our room, and the whole hotel for that matter, was always perfectly clean and turn down service was also top notch. you never worry about bathrobes, water, etcetera. but you must leave eventually, because of the location, which is ideal for city lovers. within a short walk you can visit many of the famous monuments, museums, etc. e.g. champs-élysées in only a 5 minute walk. a special mention for le palais de l'elysée which is only a few footsteps away from the hotel entrance and is the residence of the president of france. even more interesting to us was that the whole rue du faubourg saint honoré is a shoppers paradise with many of the best shops, and galeries here or in the adjacent streets. we discovered shops offer delivery service to le bristol as well. if you're interested in jewelry shops...they are all here. since we are very interested in great food we need to make a special mention to what's on offer in le bristol. back to the bristol: we visited the pool area on the top floor twice and also the spa for a wonderful sauna. super clean and perfect service. more about the food: the breakfast can be enjoyed in your room as we did twice or at the elegant café antonia or the at épicure restaurant, which deserves some extra attention in a minute. breakfast was outstanding; we loved it. we opted for the americain breakfast daily. almost everything is home made and of spectacular quality and freshness. the bread alone was of insane quality with daily 3 or 4 different type of croissants and also sourdough and brioche bread. top butter and marmelades to accompany and every egg preparation you would like is available. don's miss out on the eggs benedict. many juices were offered and if you wanted yoghurt with fruits, no problem. and don't forget this was just our choice for the americain breakfast, the hotel offers many more options. a great start of the day we thought and le bristol really has a special love for great food. there is an in house chocolatier atelier (l'épicerie) with chocolate and cakes of exceptional quality, their own bakery and more. we tried it all and took some home as well. we visited the brasserie 114 faubourg on our first evening and were pampered with lovely food like sole and a perfect soufflé. very friendly service and although they have one michelin star, the service was very relaxed and had extra attention and care for our son (children's menu available). normally this would have been the pinnacle of the food experience in the hotel. but not his time. le bristol also offers a beautiful bar, and café antonia with a very good and diverse menu. we tried the high tea and on another day opted for the the salad with haricots verts et artichauts camus aux noisettes, and also their club sandwich. both were very good. all food is under the supervision of mr. frechon, who is the chef of épicure as well. thoughtful french cuisine of the best ingredients and with delicate balance in the 114 faubourg and café antonia. lovely and we were delighted. but as mentioned we decided to also visit épicure restaurant. and we were really exited to go on our last evening. can the 3 star michelin restaurant disappoint in light of the exceptional quality already offered to us at café antonia  and 114 faubourg? absolutely not and we have enjoyed one of the most memorable dinners in a very long time! épicure is of exceptional international quality and fully deserves their 3 stars is our experience. the food is simply awesome, world class. our favorites were the best ravioli ever (a signature dish) the langoustine and the scallops. but everything here is amazing. check it out, when you sleep at le bristol because this is one of the great chefs in the world, whose food you should enjoy, because one day he will retire. and his kitchen is certainly not heavy. classic in the basis, but delicately modern, with absolute pure precision and perfection in every detail. we went to our room absolutely delighted from this memorable dinner. special mention to the spectacular wine list, where we found some real gems (2010 roulot meursault tesson and  anne gros combe d'orveau). adding to the fun was the perfect service team. totally in control, calm, relaxed and having fun. once again we had no problem getting food for our son even at this exceptional level. we asked and the maître simply replied ""just tell us what he would like, everything is possible"". as parents, we greatly appreciated this. he got what he wanted, but also tried some of our dishes and all the amuses. great moment.we would to thank the whole service team of the hotel, everybody seems to really enjoy what they do, from the door men to the ladies who took care of our room. also all the moments our son was on the look out for socrat the hotel cat where met with wonderful attention and patience. a very special thank you to mr.jean-marie burlet, who personally ensured we had the best holiday we could wish for. thank you for your kind attention, you have made our stay so memorable. we will to be back soon!"
i stayed here for two nights. the place is almost a palace! check in: seamless check-in at the reception next to the entrance. rooms: my room looked the inner courtyard and had a small balcony (nice for a sit out coffee or a smoke, incase one is a smoker). i had dinner at the 114 faubourg and also had a drink at the bar. both were excellent. the restaurant was classy with great food and the sommelier suggested good wine pairings. walking past the hotel you seem to go back in history. it is just so elegant.
we decided to stay at le bristol for our honeymoon, and i have never felt more comfortable, at home, and cared for outside of a family member's home. the moment we stepped off the airplane at cdg we were greeted by a representative from le bristol (we opted for the luxury airport transfer, which i cannot recommend enough). we were whisked through back doors, past 3 hours customs lines, and to our waiting vehicle. i can't overemphasize the value of this transfer. the car ride was calm, pleasant, and most of all comfortable.upon our arrival we were told that the room was not yet ready, but also that we had been upgraded. there was genuine excitement in the voice of the concierge when she told us it would be worth the wait (spoiler, understatement). we dropped our bags and headed to the tea room for breakfast while we waited. my wife was over the moon to have her first brioche au sucre, and we people-watched until our room was ready. when the time came, the same lovely concierge nearly came running up to us with a big smile on her face (under her face mask of course), letting us know that the room was ready. i will remember walking into this room for the rest of my life. the sun filled the room through massive windows and an almost angelic aura emanated throughout. then we were shown the showstopper, as the curtains were drawn back to reveal an un-interrupted view of the eiffel tower. our room was filled with roses, cheese, and chocolates (ordered in advance), as well as champagne and a selection of fruit.over the next 5 days my wife and i enjoyed the many amenities the hotel had to offer, including the spa, incredible pool, gym, 3 star michelin restaurant (which i will write a separate equally fawning review for), and possibly what would become our favorite place - le bristol bar. we quickly became regulars and would like to personally thank chloe, and josephine for making us feel at home, helped us practice our french (je suis désolé d'avoir massacré votre langue), and remembered us immediately after only 1 visit.i would like to thank mr. jean-marie burlet (head of guest relations) for sending us off in such style. you and your team exceeded our expectations on all fronts. to summarize my not-so-brief review, my wife and i have found a place that we intend to visit for the rest of our lives. i would encourage anyone who may be on the fence to consider le bristol for your next visit to paris.
overall a decent choice of hotel for paris. service was truly great - the rooms start to feel a bit dated however and for the price charged and being one of the top hotels in paris i feel some form of upgrade is due. we were also a bit disappointed with the room service for dinner - for these very high prices we don’t not feel it was worth it (or just had bad luck) - so we switched to rather have food delivered to the hotel. however, room service for breakfast was excellent - a perfect french breakfast.
"we returned to le bristol in mid november of 2019, a period in which the ""yellow vest"" protest movement was active and the cause of paralysis in paris. the unfortunate and inescapable reality of european travel is that security issues have become important considerations.  in this context, we have never seen a hotel staff as informed and prepared as the le bristol is to deal with such issues - adroitly working to guide and protect its guests during turbulent times. during our 2019 visit, the management of le bristol had extraordinarily accurate and timely information as to the critical security and logistical consequences of the protests and resultant police activity throughout the city. this high level of ""intelligence"" has obviously been honed during previous periods of civil protests and the security alerts which have occurred during the past several years in paris and other cities. the attention of the staff to the ""minute by minute"" activities taking place in the streets of the city was remarkable, enabling the management team led by the renowned general manager leah marshall and her long time deputies (jean-marie burlet and eric regnier) to ensure the comfort and safety of its guests. we are indebted to ms. marshall and her team for the sense of security enjoyed by the hotel's guests during these unusual and unpredictable times. friends who were staying at other paris hotels complained to us about the lack of information provided by their hotel and a realization that they ""were on their own"" - an uncomfortable and anxiety provoking feeling -  the opposite of the comforting and informed environment at le bristol.on previous visits, we have noted the impeccable service and housekeeping at le bristol, unrivaled service levels which have been assiduously maintained. le bristol provides a rare combination of intimacy and service, an achievement rarely attained in major hotels. when returning to the le bristol, the warmth and graciousness of the staff makes one feel like you have been reunited with old friends. le bristol is justly known for having the most accomplished concierge team in paris,under the leadership of sonia papet and her key deputies (sebastien allogia and emmanuel de oliveira), the concierge team provides skillful guidance throughout the city's ever changing culinary routes and cultural institutions. year after year, ms. papet and her wonderful team provide brilliant recommendations as to new restaurants and sage advice as which venues have atrophied and are to be avoided. prior to our arrival in paris, the concierge team worked to develop a detailed and thoughtful itinerary for us to consider. they are remarkable.on this trip, we celebrated a birthday at eric frechon's epicure, le bristol's acclaimed three michelin star restaurant. mr. frechon has been one of france's most renowned chefs for decades, from his early work with christian constant at le crillion through his groundbreaking bistro, la verriere. today, epicure underscores the continuing brilliance and exquisite complexity of frechon's cooking. our dinner was memorable, a perfect venue for an important celebration. epicure's service was superb, highlighted by the accomplished, delightful and charming sommelier bonaventure blankstein. it was a perfect evening. my wife and i wish to express our appreciation to the entire le bristol staff, a team which continues to make the hotel a unique and  extraordinarily elegant and warm venue."
i would need to write a book as there are so many points of interest cradled in the perfection of all things customer relations yet here now , i can only say  ~  absolutely divine , a  master class  of exquisite aptitude and grace .~
room quality: 4/5front desk ( check in & check out experience): 3/5 f&b including ird : 4/5housekeeping of hotel: 5/5vibe : amenities: pool, gym not many properties can boast of having a green lung space in paris. rooms are beyond fantastic coupled with good service is always a positive. definitely recommend
we stayed here for a special occasion and loved it. the hotel itself is beautiful. the location is great. the staff were exceptional. impeccable service without being overbearing about it. they make you feel special.
incredible hotel with excellent service and food. plus a wonderful location .beautiful building, very helpful and friendly staff, but at a price point you'd expect. probably, the nicest hotel in paris. moreover, the staff are all incredibly lovely.
this was our third time at le bristol and, as much as we've enjoyed staying there in the past, it's gotten better. it's an absolute pleasure to stay at this hotel where the staff obviously wants you to enjoy your time there. whether it's the excellent and attentive staff at the front desk and concierge desk to the people at the restaurants, their professionalism shows. even the staff that make up the rooms couldn't be more attentive to detail, as evidenced by them pressing the elevator button when we went out of the room so we wouldn't have longer to wait. what great service and done with pleasure. just a terrific place to stay.
once again, my wife and i stayed at le bristol hotel.  we have lost count of the number of times we have stayed there, but we think this was at least our 13th time. we always want to stay in the same room because it is a wonderful room with a view of the garden, ample windowed closets and drawers, a real bar and the uniquely spacious marble bathroom common at the bristol. the bristol has endeavored to satisfy us every time regardless of the length of our stay.  when we arrive, everyone -- and i do mean everyone -- greets us so warmly that we feel like we have returned home to paris.  the service we receive is always flawless starting with the concierge desk. this time around, my wife wanted to have her hair done in a parisian style and the concierge desk found a salon and hair stylist only two blocks from the bristol and he did a superb job.  as usual, all of the parisian restaurant reservations which we sought in advance through emails were obtained by the concierge.  even more importantly, we wanted to celebrate a dear friend's 50th birthday at epicure, the bristol's three michelin restaurant, on a saturday night and epicure arranged a special menu for the occasion which all eight attendees agreed was beyond superb.  my wife and i also had a wonderful meal at 114 faubourg, the bristol's one michelin restaurant.  not to be outdone, we had a simple luncheon when we arrived at the café. in addition, all of the breakfasts in the same room on the garden where dinners are served at epicure were excellent. during all of these meals, the service could not have been better.  the fact that everyone at the bristol from the door people to the reception desk to the concierge desk remembers our name and does everything possible to make our stay a pleasant one  is just one more reason to stay at the bristol the next time we are in paris.  david and alecia p.
one of the finest hotels i’ve ever stayed in and i can honestly say our stay was perfect. the level of service was beyond 5 star and the quality of our physical room, the restaurants and pool area wasabsolutely incredible, i actually was looking for something flawed or for some imperfections in the room and common areas, everything was perfect. this is the hotel you get in heaven.the staff was sincere and accommodating, the concierge couldn’t have been more helpful and precise in all of our requests. restaurant is a 3 star michelin restaurant and i have never experienced a breakfast like that in my life, we also had a lunch outside and it was superb.i have traveled all over europe and been to all the grand hotels, this was truly an incredible stay.i will never stay anywhere else again in paris.
this hotel was a spectacular experience on all levels - staff service, beautiful rooms, food, spa, pool, all amenities, location - it had it all.  but perhaps it’s biggest secret weapon is the hotel staff - all incredibly guest oriented. definitely coming back!
i have stayed here for the last 40 years and the service gets better with each visit. lunch in the garden is simply the best most relaxing spot in the city.the  garden wing rooms are elegant and bathrooms large and wonderfully maintained.
the hotel has a beautiful garden where you can have a tea and relax in the middle of a stressful day.the rooms are a bit old but i was told that they will be renovating the rooms soon. the staff are very friendly.
we had a wonderful stay here. i really find this location to be the best in paris. the public areas are grand and opulent. the large outdoor garden restaurant is a perfect place to unwind after a long flight or for afternoon tea (don’t skip the desserts- they have the best party chef in paris!). the service is very attentive and concierge is beyond knowledgeable and responds to emails very quickly. epicure is one of the finest restaurants we’ve ever dined at. there were a few things that we felt were not aligned with this price point - we had challenges with adding on a few extra nights (misunderstanding dates) that took several days to resolve and some restaurant reservations were confirmed incorrectly. i think the gym and spa should be a much higher caliber. the rooftop pool is darling though and definitely a unique offering for paris. overall we had a great stay here but la reserve blew us away more back in 2017. the cocktail reception with the ww2 veterans was a very pleasant surprise though and one of the highlights of our trip!
my wife and i spent a long weekend in paris at the end of august. we could not have enjoyed ourselves more and most of that enjoyment was the result of the le bristol and the staff at the hotel. the service is some of the friendliest and best, if not the best, that will be found anywhere in the world. the concierge team was unbelievable in providing recommendations for us and booking those spots/experiences for us. the team is incredibly knowledgeable on trendy restaurants throughout the city and time of year. i could not recommend this hotel more!
my husband and i stayed at le bristol for 5 nights.  the service was impeccable.  it was our anniversary-they really made us feel special - roses, champagne, chocolates.  the property is beautiful.  we ate outside at la antonia’s there times - that’s how much we liked the food.  we also had breakfast at the epicure - delicious.  from the old fashioned room keys to the old fashioned elevator to the wonderful people there - loved every minute and would highly recommend this place.
this was our second time staying at le bristol.  they really make you feel at home, and the service was impeccable.  everyone was so warm and friendly, and going out of their way to help us explore and enjoy their beautiful city.  our room was fantastic, and we so looked forward to the delicious breakfast with home baked pastries each morning.  leah marshall the general manager greeted us many times and was like an old friend.  sonya and the entire concierge staff made the best recommendations for restaurants and sightseeing.  and the friendly bell staff at the front door got us where we needed to go.  we can't wait to go back!
what can one say that has not been said? once you strip away the obvious ...the prized location, beautiful building, and tasteful rooms, what remains is exactly what differentiates it from the others...so here goes, the bristol has a staff that simply loves what they do and a management team, embodied by the ever present, formidable and always charming leah marshall, that allows, née fosters its staff to be themselves. it feels real because it is real, and in an ever increasing world of sameness, it is a joy to stay there ... to walk through the courtyard in the morning and have a conversation with the gardener about some glorious magnolia tree he has lovingly cared for, or to get a detailed report from the bar tender on why gin has become so popular again (apparently we can thank the spaniards) or a concierge that not just gets you into the great restaurant but makes sure you are at  right table ... simply put, the place is teaming with well mannered, well trained, charming characters that know how to do their job and are having fun doing it. thank goodness these places still exist. that is why we have been making the trip from our home in the caribbean to our “home in the 8th”... and that loyalty has never been taken for granted. my wife and i have a teen daughter that we hope one day she will spend a year in paris during college. when this topic comes up, i have always said ... “and if you ever have a problem, what would you do? she looks at me and says grudgingly ... i know, dad, if i ever have a problem, i would go the bristol”. well, what more can one say other than that?
we arranged to meet family for afternoon tea. i love hot chocolate. it was sublime! the surroundings and service was first class. would love to stay sometime when i win the lottery!it is also very convenient for the embassies, place de la concorde.
i have been to many luxury hotels in my travels, but le bristol just seems to operate on a different level altogether.  the hotel itself is beuatiful, well located, in completely top upkeep; while the service is consistent and of the highest quality and attentiveness to guest comfort and experience you could ask for. it easily rivals the goring in london.the first time we stayed in 2015, we were there for about a week, and booked a junior suite.  the room was extremely well appointed and generous in space (for europe, let alone paris).  the staff treat children extraordinarily well.  they make sure their signature stuffed bunny (hippolyte) is awaiting the kids in the room upon arrival, along with child-sized robes, and welcome confections.  for adults, the personal service and level of attentiveness are hard to fully describe beyond saying that everything we needed was either anticipated or quickkly identified and addressed. the second time we stayed was earlier this year, on the back-end of a spanish vacation.  by night two, the manager of the bar (you must do drinks in le bristol after dark one night) was on a first-name basis, and made our evenings far more enjoyable than they otherweise would have been. if you are looking for a flawless 6-star experience in central paris (just down from the arc de triomphe), this hotel is the finest choice you can make, imo.
beautiful hotel. room very nice and very clean and well equipped with comfortable bed, great quality linen. restaurant superb, menu with traditional  french and european cuisine. staff pleasant and friendly. right in the centre of the city and located within walking distance of arc de triumph
i chose this hotel for a visit to paris with my 13 year old daughter hoping it would be very charming and something she would fondly remember for many years to come. the hotel has nice art and pretty colors. our deluxe garden view room was bright, cheerful and spacious. everything worked well. the hotel has an indoor pool, spa and small gym. i would have really liked a better gym. other than that, there is very little to complain about here. the courtyard is a nice place to have a summer evening's dinner or lunch. the epicure room in the morning is used to serve breakfast and it is a beautiful room and they put out a lovely spread on your table. i asked for various items and was not nickeled and dimed about it. dinner in the lobby bar was fine; the desserts are exquisite and worth whatever they charge for it. the only thing i found really off-putting was 69 euro for fish and chips, while they charge 53 euro for cooked sole with vegetables. nobody on staff agreed that it made any sense. your 85 euro credit from american express platinum doesn't go far at all here. concierges were helpful and the valet staff is very attentive at the front door. the location is in a fashionable area but not ideal; it is a 3 block walk to the nearest atm; there is no metro station in the immediate area and you have to walk at least 10 minutes to get anywhere such as place vendome or the place de la concorde. but if you are staying here, you probably don't expect to do anything else other than get in a taxi anyway and at 2.60 euro entry, it is now half the price of a ny city taxi and most rides don't cost very much here. in a taxi you can get to the louvre or the musee d'orsay in 5 minutes at 9-10 in the morning. so this hotel is pretty pricey but it's nice. if it had a better gym it would be close to perfect. it's a fairly close call between this and the king george v; i think i still prefer that property because it hits all the buttons but if you want a charming property for a father-daughter romp in paris, this is certainly a top contender and i was not disappointed.
it had been over 20 years since i first stayed at le bristol and after spending the night to celebrate our 30th wedding anniversary this june, i still clearly consider it to be among the best hotels in the world. impeccable service, beautiful rooms, and a fabulous restaurant.  everything is perfect at le bristol.
le bristol is one of the top rated hotels in paris and definitely lives up to its reputation. everything is perfect about this hotel from the minute you land up there. the front desk and concierge departments are exceptional and they tailor make your trip beyond your expectations. the food in all the restaurants is also brilliant  and so are the rooms and housekeeping department as the rooms very very clean. it’s a home away from home and my family had a very memorable trip thanks to them. highly recommended.
you have to visit bristol to really experience how very special it is. the service impeccable. rooms are light and airy w beautiful glass mirrored doors you feel a bit like in your own classic parisian apt. in an era w/so much new modern slickness i just love the classic bristol. breakfast is on the most lovely dishes, fresh perfect eggs baked goods and fruit. visit gorgeous bar bristol for fantastic and oui trop cher drinks...but worth it!!
this place is a little fancy, obviously, but if you can afford it what a wonderful way to spend a romantic getaway with a person you care about!  paris is notoriously expensive, and in my opinion moreso in the last couple years so you might as well go big!
we had the best time and enjoyed every minute of it. what a treat. thank you so much for making our trip to paris very special. the room was fanatic and the view could not have been better. everyone was very friendly and everything went really smoothly. we hope to be back soon.
this hotel is a classic gem, its been there for a few years yet well maintained and exhibit a 5 star property. loved this hotel cause its not like the new hotels nowadays, the old parisian feels is there where travelers like me should experience. the rooms are big and very comfortable, the breakfast place is amazing and they have a bar in the corner which serves amazing cocktails. staff are also very helpful.
nice hotel!  staff was very helpful especially xavier who i contacted 4 months before the stay to arrange reservations and get tips.  all recommendations were great.  he even offered to help me send a painting back to us.  great location- near eiffel tower and arc de triomphe, cafe’s and restaurants.  they even have a partnership with a nice fitness center.  great stay and nice staff!  rooms are a little smaller but typical for europe
the staff and service at le bristol are absolutely world-class! the building is a beautiful historic palace in the heart of paris just a few streets off the champs elysees, with renowned chef/epicure restaurant, the charm of a boutique hotel with the luxury and unique beauty of paris. i recently stayed 4 nights at le bristol (june 2019) and the staff went above a beyond to accommodate my requests, to assist in getting difficult reservations, museum tickets, and many other sleeping needs! this is the kind of place you know you'll be taken care of and which still maintains the integrity and rare beauty of historic paris. will be back! merci beaucoup!!
one of the best hotels that i have ever stayed. friendly service.we got a great price for our room. large rooms with lovely decor. fabulous restaurant and amazing views. this hotel was recommended by a friend. i am so glad i took her advice and stayed here.
my favorite hotel in paris. food is always excellent. service is always excellent. you won't be disappointed! the staff will go out of their way to assist you, the rooms are elegant and comfortable, this place will never disappoint you.
i know the hotel over 40 years it went through many changes it grew bigger it upgraded its rooms ite restaurants bars .always kept the highest quality of service highest quality of food and still manage to surprise me at every visit this time they added in their suits a dressing room which was not in the past .they added a new option in the showers so one can conclude that they never stop to invest meaning they are doing their best for us the customers further unlike other 5 stars hotel they allow out side visitors  to enjoy their breakfast for sure with payment
i spent 2.5 hours at this lovely cafe on my trip to paris. the staff is super friendly respectful and kind. the dessert and my drink were fantastic. the dessert especially melted in my mouth. i have to absolutely comment on the grand interiors of the hotel. its absolutely gorgeous and a must visit.
i booked my husband and i into le bristol as a surprise birthday present for his 40th birthday. it was the best night ever! where to begin.... from the concierge at the front door, to lisa at reception. the host and mixologist at after dark.the hostess and waiters at epicure. the sommeliers. all were wonderful. so friendly and down to earth - it made the experience even more memorable! i can’t thank you all enough for a magical night!
to say the le bristol experience of ours was superlative would be an understatement. the location, so central yet so far from the madding crowds, is perfect, the rooms are spacious, bright and cheerful, service is spot on, breakfast is sheer luxury (we couldn’t stop speaking about those croissants and scrambled eggs for days) and the dinner at epicure was fantastic. (that bresse chicken, carved on the table with all the theatrics, is a must-try)but the cherry on the cake is the concierge desk. guillaume, you are a genius. you had an answer for every query of ours and those restaurant recommendations of yours every evening of our stay inevitably lit up smiles on our faces. it’s you and your colleagues who make an institution like the bristol !!! thank you.
once in a lifetime type honeymoon stay. so beautiful and the breakfast is amazing. the staff dress better than us - so chic, so paris. love this. we havent stopped talking about our stay! seriously one of the best stays weve ever had!
we stayed at the le bristol four evenings. the hotel is fabulous.  our room, from which you could see the eiffel tower, and the public areas were decorated absolutely elegantly.  the hotel staff treated us like royalty and we even got to meet the owner, a gorgeous cat.it is a very special place.
it is next to the presidential palace and rue de faubourg. just a few blocks away you have the chants d’elles the most historic street in the world. great service and restaurant. relaxing and exciting all in one location. will definitely come back.
we stayed at le bristol for 4 nights and had the very best possible time. even before we arrived the hotel helped to reserve and confirm a few hard to book restaurants for us. they also got us tickets to sold out exhibitions. the warm welcome and the friendliness of the staff instantly made us feel at home. we had lunch and afternoon tea at cafe antonia and dinner at the unsurpassed epicur - with service flawless in every way and divine food - nectar and ambrosia. we loved the interest the concierge and the front desk took in our exploits and had so much fun sharing our dining experiences with them. thank you for driving us to all the restaurants in your maybach. it gave us a stately entrance everywhere we went. we especially thank helene at the concierge desk for all her kindness and to fa-ro (the hotel cat) for not totally ignoring us. for us le bristol ist the best hotel in the world.
gorgeous hotel and fab service. attention to detail was just perfect. one small quibble - i was out all day and discovered that housekeeping had not serviced my room when i returned to the hotel in the evening. after reporting this, the issue was swiftly taken care of and a beautiful dessert selection was sent up to my room as an apology.
i loved this place, one of the best i have been. will definitely come over again. the staff is very nice and professional, always willing to help and the interior design is one of the best i have seen in years. impressive!
not many words needed: le bristol offers the perfect paris experience: delicious food, amazing wine, great shops around the corner, really outstanding service. and on top of it the super cute hotel cat fa-raon :-) the rooms are lovely decorated and even if you are in the city center the rooms are very calm and you can relax in peace!
"although a favorite for the business traveller, le bristol offers delectable food and impeccable service that rivals the boutique experience of the french countryside. the ""champagne experience"" not only awaits you with champagne as you enter the elegantly appointed lobby but continues in every aspect of your stay at le bristol."
the bristol is legendary and deserves that reputation. luxurious hoyel that is outstanding in terms of luxury hotels in paris. the bristol is paris !! service levels extremely good but not intrusive. great ip6en spaces too !
happy to be back on our annual paris visit. re-reviewing to reiterate that this remains one of the top hotels globally on our frequent travels. total professionalism and attention to detailed, coupled with a personable service. well done team.
i joined trip advisor to provide this comment on the le bristol paris, during my labor day stay.  this hotel exemplifies excellence in service and provides an elegant environment.  the room and amenities exceeded expectations during my stay.  i highly recommend this hotel to those who value an extraordinary weekend or holiday stay in paris.  the experience at the michelin starred restaurant was also outstanding.
very very good everything. all of the service is not bad. food is very good delicious. environment is so green and air is wonderful. people are very pollidlly...girls are very funny...all of them is very nice...
my wife and i went away for a quick 3 night stay in paris for our wedding anniversary and this hotel was the perfect place for us.  the staff was extremely thoughful in every aspect of our stay including spreading red rose petals all over our bed and tub.  the flowers and champaign in the room were so nice as well.  they had 3 handwritten notes from the manager and staff as well wishing us a great anniversary.  the hotel is located in the best place and walking distance to everything we wanted to see.  i highly recommend le bristol for a 5 star experince.
amazing welcome, people working there are fantastic, lux and class. chia and elegant this hotel is everything i could imagine. we spent an fantastic time, almos put half of my savings in this trip but was worth it.
this was our second visit to the bristol in as many years and we loved it just as much. we had a lovely room with a balcony facing the garden. the service was impeccable and everything was just as top notch as before. it oozes old world charm and the location is excellent for walking around the important bits of paris.
we have had the good fortune to stay in many five star hotels and this is one of the best. it is beautiful and elegant, with old world charm. it is very formal without being stuffy.  the service is outstanding and the staff goes out of their way to help you. we were upgraded to a luxurious suite which we thoroughly enjoyed. we were a little disappointed in the breakfast, because we like buffet breakfasts better but the food was very good. we were also disappointed because we wanted to have a drink in the garden one evening at 5 pm, and they told us that they weren't serving drinks there. we had really been looking forward to sitting in the garden and wished they had been more accommodating.they hosted a little cocktail reception for guests which was very nice. the guest relations manager introduced himself and we had a nice conversation with him and spoke about returning next year. he mentioned that he would leave his contact information for us, but he didn't. while these are minor issues, we expect perfection from a hotel of this caliber. the concierge was extremely helpful and arranged a tour, show tickets and cars for us. although we loved staying at le crillon, we thought this hotel was better, and on a par with ashford castle in ireland. as members of leading a hotels of the world, we highly recommend this hotel and hope to return soon.
a bit out of the way on rue st.honore but right where all the major fashion houses are.  a true, refurbished, 5 star hotel in the grand european tradition.  has 2 michelin starred restaurants. a one star and the epicure, a solid 3 starpc. try the roasted leek stuffed with oysters
it was a private dinner . we were in the garden having cocktails and then went to an elegant and sophisticated dining room .the food was top quality and refined: we had a fish with a thin slide of toast on top and a delicious sauce. a place to go back either for business, couple or friends.
just checked out and i have nothing but great things to say about le bristol.  the food, service, decor and ambiance are top notch.   better than anything in the u.s.   charming, authentic, beautiful,...even the location is excellent.   favorite was breakfast at epicure and room service.  the roses in the vase at breakfast - nice touch.  ish we could have stayed longer.
"this is the place to stay!!! it is not cheap but if you check they do have specials from time to time. to get some idea of the hotel see the movie ""midnite in paris"" there are shots of the hotel. also one of the best and 3 stars resturant in paris(there 10 three star restaurant in paris and 26 in france) if you can afford it go for it. also the wine stewart will select a wine in your price range."
we stayed for our 21st wedding anniversary and were treated like royalty. i couldn't believe how much effort they made to help celebrate our special day. outstanding customer service. the conceirge staff especially laure pichon were attentive and utterly charming. all laure's suggestions re restaurants and exursions were spot on allowing us to have a wonderfully unqiue 2 day stay in the most romantic city. i could not have wanted for more...... except to have stayed for longer of course !
i’m fortunate to be able to travel 2-3 months a year, and have no hesitation in saying le bristol delivers a hotel experience like no other. my paris home since 2012. twelve stays and counting. the next is already booked. the hotel is exceptionally well maintained. the rooms & bathrooms are spacious and well appointed. the public areas are stunning. the hotel has a delightful understated elegance. epicure is one of the finest restaurants you will have the pleasure to dine in. spa la praire offers some of the best treatments you can hope to experience. and above all, the staff are exceptional. truely exceptional. i simply cannot recommend this hotel highly enough. thank you once again to the entire team for another enjoyable stay. in particular jean-marie, auriele, austin and helene.
after twenty years of not visiting paris i went for a weekend with my wife we stayed at the same hotel i used to stay in le bristol. i was happy to see the hotel is still as excellent as it used to be the comfort and the excellent service where they take very good care of you. obviously, the rates they charge are very much different but its still worth it. the only exception is the breakfast service try to have breakfast outside the hotel as the area where they serve breakfast is relatively small to cater for the number of residents so the service is not up to the standard to say the least.
we were invited and we first met the cat.  pharaon in the lobby and then were introduced to a very elegant dining room with a splendid view of the garden area.food was excellent with very interesting presentations .all the dishes were very elegant and they still use the traditionnel  flambe with alcool and a match .they know how to use real chocolate in desserts .everything was delicious and very well served , the grand tradition of french elegance,
i was lucky enough to stop here recently whilst on a business tour. stunning hotel with excellent service. from the concierge to management nothing was to much trouble, it made the whole trip extremely smooth and pleasant. thank you all.
"i had a difficult time deciding on which hotel to stay at in paris.  i had narrowed it down to george v and le bristol.  after much research on ta i decided to go with the le bristol.  i made the right decision.  we booked two connecting rooms and were upgraded one category to a junior suite connecting with a prestige room.i booked via a travel agent who was able to take advantage of the oetker pearl partner offer which included the upgrade and 170euro credit during our stay along with breakfast.prearrival communication- i booked and then eventually cancelled a dinner reservation and the vip pickup service.  i always got prompt emails.arrival/ check in- we arrived at the hotel around 11am..one room was ready at noon, the second around 2.  while waiting we were offered breakfast in the lounge.  rooms- clean, a bit outdated, the rest depends on your taste.  look at the pics on their website, they are accurate. very french.bathrooms- excellent, shower was greatfood- had breakfast at epicure and at the lounge, both were excellentconcierge- adequate, i say that as they always seemed busy and at times not approachable at other times very observant. i say that because once the concierge could tell that i was upset about something and immediately rectify it.gym/spa- excellentvalue for the money- expensive but worth it.  on par with other hotels in paris of the so called ""palace"" statusoverall impression- this hotel truly went above and beyond.   we had a problem with our door lock and another time we had a problem with the room cleaning..both times, everything was handled efficiently and we were more than compensated for the inconvenience.  in addition we were brough treats every night.  the hotel manager personally sought me out to apologize.  i was very impressed and i can see why this hotel is near the top of all rankings in paris."
beautiful terrace, good hotel and location, nice sized rooms but possibly because the hotel is too big, i found the service a little lacking on the two occasions that i’ve stayed there. seeing farhoan (the cat) was the highlight of my stays. nice hotel but i feel there are better around that price point.
i had an amazing experience here. the service and concierge are beyond the pale. the security and luxury unparalleled. i left my $2000 croc shoes outside the door for polishing, and they were the cheapest shoes out in the hallway. you don't have to say who you are no matter who you are when you stay here. exquisite. like claridge's only better. like the villa magna but better.
we had afternoon tea here with champagne- absolutely wonderfulthe sandwiches and scones were so good and the pastries to die forthe hotel is located in a very affluent and grand area of paris and the road leading to this hotel is dotted with every big name designer you can think of- so walking there is a fabulous sightseeing tour if you liove fashion!the hotel is filled with beautiful art and antiques/ the staff are efficient and courteousit’s a fabulous experience -  try it! you’ll enjoy!
my wife and i stayed at this hotel for two nights. as it is a hotel of the oetker collection our expectations were very high. to put it straight: our expectations were more than exceeded. starting with the very attentive doormen and the friendly staff at the reception who gave us a very warm welcome. after the check in we got a short tour of the hotel with some background information about the history of the beautiful house. to make a long story short: from the first moment we felt at home. it is almost needless to say, that we have enjoyed a superb dinner at faubourg 114 -- the one star restaurant at le bristol -- with an entertaining and very competent service team. all in all...we will come back as soon as possible!!
it is so wonderful. i and my boyfriend went to it for our holiday. romance!!! we had many memories and you can go to the centre to explore beautiful views, foods,.... i think we might be came here soon <3
me and my wife went here for our 30 year aniversairy and we loved it. everyone was so nice the service there was amazinf and was located in a central area of paris only a 5 min walk to all cool things
we decided to fly to paris to celebrate our wedding anniversary and it filled our hearts with so much love and indeed it’s a place for lovers. it’s incredibly beautiful with all the structures, restaurants and scenaries. my wife and i enjoyed it so much that we said we will travel back here soon with our little ones.
we stayed in march for 9 days, so we were able to get a real feel for this fabulous hotel.  upon arrival we met the lovely manager, she gave us a warm greeting and spent some time speaking with us.  through our discussion she learned that we are involved with horses, and right away suggested we should go to the hermes horse show just down the road.  the concierge was able to acquire last minute tickets and we had a blast!  our room was a very spacious suite with so much attention to detail, and very comfortable.  each night we went down o the bar and some wine before heading out to dinner.  they had a very nice sancerre by the glass, and the waiters got to know my order quite well,  one night a decided to try something else and the waiters came back and thought the waiter had made a mistake because i hadn't ordered my usual sancerre!  the bar host/manager was very friendly and also spent some time speaking with us through out our stay.  the breakfast at the hotel are magnificent.  the bakery basket alone is to die for,....  the main gentleman who served our breakfast each day overheard my husband and i speaking about how my husband had forgotten a tie, he told me to come back in a few hours.  i met up with him later in the day, and he had brought us five ties to choose from to borrow during our stay, which was very nice of him.  we dined foreigner at the hotel three times during our stay.  twice at 114 faubourg and once at epicure.  114 faubourg was very good, and epicure was excellent, probably our best meal in all of france.  i had a massage in the luxurious spa and it was very good.  unfortunately during our stay, the weather was still very cold, so we were unable to enjoy the garden area, which i can imagine in the warmer weather is a lovely spot. this is a 5 star super luxury hotel that makes their guests feel at home, its very welcoming and the warmth from the staff seems sincere.  this type of luxury does not come cheap, but in this case, it is well worth it.
"not too long ago paris introduced a new classification for its best hotels as ""palace"" and le bristol"" certainly lives up to this designation. although not as grand as its peers on the exterior it has benefited from a major recent refurbishment with truly excellent interior decoration. we stayed for two nights in deluxe rooms which were spacious, light, well appointed and had beautiful fabrics. bathrooms are large with two basins, bath, separate shower and loo with attractive marble and quality toiletries. the staff are unfailingly courteous, professional and helpful. the location is excellent. i think though what impressed me most that the interior design captured a marriage of traditional elements with a pleasing lightness of touch. it is expensive but it is very, very good."
from dinner at le 114 faubourg, and meeting the delightful chef eric frechon, to a chocolate treat out in the courtyard garden, the service and food were excellent. we enjoyed every moment being back in paris again, and it was made even more special by staying at le bristol.  the staff were lovely and always very helpful. we were sorry we had not scheduled a longer trip! our room and the city view were stunning. and seeing le bristols' leah marshall was, as always, a great pleasure! we look forward to our next trip back.
i enjoyed my stay over here.people are very friendly over here. place is quite and romantic. very hygiene surrounding. nice management with friendly nature.easy to locate on google maps and apple maps.
wonderful weekend in paris with my daughter. the bristol is a magical hotel because the staff are so professional and courteous. the room was very comfortable, the bathroom sumptuous and breakfasts in their lovely dining room overlooking the garden were cooked to order and were delicious. the hotel has a superb location and if you feel like splashing out you won't be disappointed with your stay.
my wife and i recently stayed at le bristol for three nights, and our stay was wonderful. prior to our arrival, we were contacted by the hotel and the concierge asking if there was any special requests/reservations that could handle for us prior to our arrival. when we got there, we had a spacious deluxe room waiting for us. breakfasts were spectacular, the beds were very comfortable, the staff very courteous and professional. the concierge desk helped my wife find some difficult to find things in paris for her. it truly was a spectacular stay.the one hiccup we encountered had to do with our shower. it was unable to hold the water temperature for more than 3-4 minutes. after that, it would go from hot to fairly cold, then back hot again, and repeat that every minute. it wasn’t great.aside from that one detail, the hotel was 5 stars. so good that in spite of that not small problem, i still gladly give them a 5 star rating and highly recommend them.
le bristol is one of those rare luxury hotels which gives the best effortlessly.everything is top notch: service is efficient and friendly; our room was comfortable, elegant and immaculately maintained, and food was consistently delicious and beautifully presented. an additional bonus is the garden: an island of peace and quiet in the very heart of paris. the swimming pool on the top floor is an unexpected treat, and in the sunny weather we could walk out onto the roof terrace. and i do not think that there is another hotel in paris from which you can look down at the residence of the president of france in the elysee  down below on the opposite side of the street.
everything about the hotel is super luxe.  the bedrooms, tea room, bar, spa / pool are all top quality.  hotel is also charming with a tremendous amount of personality.  tremendous, central location.  top 3 hotel experience all-time.will make anyone's stay in paris more enjoyable.
le bristol is a beautiful hotel located in saint honore so the location is wonderful. and it's easy to walk almost anywhere if you enjoy walks. the hotel has a refined elegance you'd expect from a hotel that's been operating since 1925. they're quite used to any and every vip coming through their doors so instead of stuffy haughtiness everyone radiates warmth and generosity.  they've seen it all and have nothing to prove. all of the staff are endearing from the hotel manager leah marshall and the head of guest relations jean-marie burlet all the way to the building engineers. they're just lovely people and their focus is that your stay in paris is wonderful. they succeed in every way. we stayed in a beautiful pale blue junior suite. we were celebrating my birthday and on the big night they surprised us with the hotel's private car to deliver us to our destination. their pastry chef created a gorgeous and delicious cake as well. --also a surprise. it's those small details that make such a huge difference.we enjoyed many meals and delicious cocktails in this beautiful home away from home. i can't wait to return. attached are some photos. five stars
have been twice in this amazing hotel. both times enjoyed the stay. perfect loction. the service is outstanding. epicure is one of the best restaurants in paris. totally deserves michelin 3 stars.the pool is not so big, but the view is outstanding.  will come back for sure.
le bristol was every bit as spectacular for our anniversary as it was built up to be. the room and service was incredible, epicure’s has been clearly awarded 3 stars for good reason and the attention to detail by jean marie and his team made our stay very comfortable.we will be back.
i spent two wonderful nights at le bristol - during the snowfall in paris - and it was absolute magic.  from the moment i arrived the experience was perfect and truly 5*.from the doormen to the reception and concierge team, to the staff in their 3* michelin restaurant, l' epicure, the service was exceptional.  no one was overly formal, but simply warm, professional and deeply knowledgeable.the concierges gave detailed, accurate advice and some great local dining recommendations.i regret not being able to use the spa but this is the best excuse for a return trip.  the hotel itself is classic, but the room design worked well (i stayed in a deluxe junior suite) and the bathrooms are particularly well laid-out.treat yourself to a top luxury experience and stay at le bristol  - snow or no snow it will be wonderful!
this was our second stay at le bristol and won't be our last.  from the impeccable service to the luxurious details, le bristol is the perfect oasis in the heart of paris.  my husband and i came for several days to celebrate my birthday, and the most fabulous chocolate mousse cake was in our room (it was as beautiful as it was delicious!).  the food in both restaurants is amazing.  very convenient location to the best shopping as well as the classic sights of the city.  put this one on your bucket list.
"don't lose time looking at the pictures on ta or their website. as saint-éxupéry rightly so once said: the essential things in life are invisible. once you are there and are tuning into the place and falling in love with the details andthe omnipresent charm of the personell, you will find yourself just in the right place! this hotel is very close, no, it quite is the perfect hotel! i was not sure beforehand that ipicked the right place. others seemed to have fancier rooms, a bigger spa, seemed more creative in the interior decoration, but this place is unpretentiously beautiful and again: the people working there are all, without any exceptions, absolutely wonderful! i recommend to become a lhw member to get a free room upgrade, if available, free breakfast for two, a welcome gift, late check-out and other advantages. if you stay here for two nights, or even just one, the annual membership is already made worth it. the room did not fully convince me when i entered it, but i gradually started to really appreciate it and the marble bathroom was divine! we had a deluxe room with a view to the ""garden"", which was big and although the furniture is all old, it is in an absolutely impeccable state and gives you the feeling that time has stood still. the only visible new object is a tv which did not bother me. breakfast is a must! nathanael and his colleagues did a wonderful job and you will really feel like a king in his palace! the cat is adorable and friendly and beautiful and always around. in the evening an elegant lady played the piano in the hall, a dj was entertaining the guests in the bar with really good house music and the dinner in the restaurant épicure was epic! it really is so perfect that you are amazed, speechless! as a vegan i was not so sure whether they would deliver, but apart form one dish, they did and one of the deserts was breathtakingly good and the first sip of the white burgundy wine made me almost cry, so refined it was! and usually i really don't care about wine much... the gym is small, but beautiful, so is the pool on the sixth floor and the tiny but well-working steam bath! everyone at reception is outstandingly charming and efficient - it was such a pleasure! this place has it all! i am quite sure that nobody will regret to stay here or to come here for a drink or a meal. it seems that on weekends the rooms are cheaper. which brings me to the price. yes it is very expensive! but you will get what you paid for! this level of hospitality has its price and in the end i happily paid the hefty fee ;) i will be back.p.s.: if you stay here: no watching video without headphones in the restaurant! come on! honour this place or remain in your tent!"
"it's very difficult to say why le bristol is so unique because everything is awesome. that's why a stay at le bristol is always an outstanding experience. everything is perfect but in its own way! from the amenities to the staff.it's ""l'art de bien recevoir"" at its best!and le bristol try always to meet our own expectations. and makes us to feel at home! awesome! better is impossible!"
my wife and i had an exceptional stay at le bristol.  great location and extraordinary staff made our anniversary celebration an affair to remember.  as a surprise when we returned to the hotel after a full day of sightseeing, we were greeted with a bottle of champagne and a turned down bed covered with rose petals. yes, think about the movie.  the wonderful service exceeded our highest expectations and we look forward to a return visit.
le bristol simply have the best team in paris, so friendly yet totally professional and effective. the hotel combines tradition with every mod con and it is all designed so well. they have thought of everything for their guest's comfort and enjoyment. our room was spacious and very well appointed. it faced the inner courtyard so was quiet. bed was extremely comfortable and the bathroom just fabulous.we felt totally cosseted and looked after.le bristol is in a brilliant position being surrounded by galleries and boutiques yet only a 20 minute walk to many of the iconic art galleries and museums.can't recommend highly enough!
celebrating a big birthday we mixed with the rich and famous in an incredible atmosphere. every day seemed like an event. the hotel team were friendly, happy and professional. truly memorable.dinner at the restaurant highly recommended.
i have been at le bristol between 7 th and 10 th dec. what an amazing experience it has been. from the moment you enter all the staff make you feel pampered and cared for. everyone is attentive to your needs. the reception staff were simply exquisite in helping me with an issue re my credit card( special mention to elsa). she even took the trouble to take us around in the hotel. room was spacious and in a quite area. room service excellent. concierges team very helpful to all our requests and bookings. special mention of faraone whom we had the pleasure to meet twice. i have been to many iconic hotels in europe but this is definitely something special. i will review restaurants separately. will return for sure. if you are going to paris this is the place to stay. ps special thanks to bernard neveu who despite his absence due to leave left instructions to take good care of us. well done to a great team.
travelled all over the world. this is one of the best . the most memorable stay to date ! service , food, accommodation and the team are outstanding and exceptional ! great team of the hotel , they deserve all the stars for making your stay unforgettable ! we shall be back !
we have stayed at le bristol many times it is the perfect hotel on every level...simply said i believe it is the best hotel in paris ...we hope we can return every year....perfect and safe location ...a great walking location...worth the price
the service can't be beat - but the rooms are pricey.  if you are not on a budget, this is a classic french hotel well worth a stay,  our room had a beautiful view over the central courtyard with a balcony we enjoyed sipping wine from or morning coffee.  allow some time to take in the spa.
"a flawless experience from the moment you walk in to the moment you walk out. the bristol has it all. it has retained over the years its authentic parisian feel, its french art de vivre, its warmth and cosiness. it's the definition of  ""le luxe à la parisienne"". there is never a faux pas in sight. you never feel out of place. you're never pushed out the door. you're greeted and welcomed as if you lived there. the service is impeccable. the staff is beyond professional, attentive and friendly. they make it seem effortless and seamless. it goes within saying that the food is delicious. we know that whether it's lunch at epicure or 114 faubourg, or afternoon tea at café antonia, we'll be beyond satisfied and happy with the food.we got engaged at le bristol a few years ago and it was honestly a magical experience. we never said it was our engagement and they never knew and yet they treated us like royalty. that's why we've kept coming back year after year. we will keep coming back. they deserve all the praise and distinctions they get. it is well deserved. highly recommend for any occasion."
from the moment we arrived the doorman knew our name and the reception staff did tooyou felt like you were a guest of good friends luxury house.the breakfast was good and the next day, they knew i liked grapefruit juice and liked my poached eggs softthe epicure restaurant is one to enjoy as it is one of the best in the world.the sommelier gave valuable guidancei have never stayed in a better hotel in 40 years of travel
"i mean, if you just look at the stats of the reviews -- only 85 which are just ""very good"" and the rest ""excellent"". it will be hard for me to add much more!this is a hotel with 5 star service. once you stay here, any other hotel service will feel mediocre. even though it is not a small hotel, they seem to know or know of every guest staying. no request is too small. this is my paris-go-to hotel. the rooms are beautiful, very french-classic and some with great views. i have stayed in a room with view and balcony of rue fsh and it was incredible, but equally that which overlooked the garden couldn't be beat either. the location really is outstanding here. there aren't many other five star hotels in such an ideal location! it truly is walkable to any major site in the city (mostly).the bar is super fun and buzzy on the weekends. food is out-of-this-world. i mean, there is a reason it is on every top travel list!i can't wait to back! i adore everything about this hotel---except that it makes it harder for me to stay elsewhere :)"
the bristol simply remains the benchmark for other hotels to reach.it has over the years been honed step by step and has achieved a degree of perfection simply non existing anywhere ells in europe's hotel industry.i have been aregular guest over the last 15 years and have watched the place getting better every year.there is hardly anything that could be bettered; well maybe thermostats for the showers would be nice...
the hotel is stunning, and the location is amid the best shopping in paris.  we spent many evenings, maybe too many :), at the bar, and it was a great time every night.  ask for clara.  rooms are large, incredibly well appointed and the housekeeping is detailed.  nothing was missed by the management.  merci beaucoup!!!!
i had to write a rewiew about the incredible experience i have had at the bristol hotel!the service and staff are perfect and pay attention to details and very polite which it is rare in paris :)the breakfast was so perfect with the view in the garden.room classic and spacious i felt i was a cinema star. i really loved the vibe.i highly recommend this experience once in  a life.
the staff is extremely nice and helpful thw hotel is located in on of paris' best neighborhoods just near the champs-élysées and the arc de triomphe the rooms are spacious and wonderful and best of all it's near lots of touristic attractions.
there is no other hotel like le bristol. upon arrival, a handwritten card awaits you. such thoughtful details abound in this spectacular hotel. the incredible attention to detail, impeccable effortless service and stunning premises make for a stay that will be unforgettable. we stayed for a week in mid august, but the allure was too great, and so we have returned now for another week. they even gave us the same room to welcome us back home. the concierge arranged my appointment at hermes a few minutes walk down saint faubourg and i had the bag of my dreams within an hour. truly, i cannot compliment this hotel in enough superlatives to do it justice. i will be visiting frequently and my only regret is that i hadn't stayed here on all my other trips to paris.
impeccable service.   at times it is so quiet and peaceful in this hotel you feel like you are the only guest.  the rooms and bathrooms are spacious and comfortable.  more electrical outlets in the room and near the bed would be helpful.   other than that, i would not change a thing.  wonderful stay!
a really high class hotel is the best position in the center of paris!!! amazing quality ! amazing hotel !!! for sure too expensive in the little things (a small glass of champagne in paris should not cost 35 euro !!!!) but really a very deserved 5 star lux !!!!
we recently had a 5 night stay in paris at le bristol to see the final stage of le tour de france. it was incredible! everyone from check in, concierge, door men, housekeeping, room service ... all the way through were fantastic. nothing is too much trouble and the attention to detail makes you feel very spoiled. our waiter was only too pleased to box up some gluten free pastries for us to take with us on the big day, offering to include bottles of water too. our suite overlooking the garden was fabulous, room 910/11 gets you a balcony masked from prying eyes by a huge magnolia tree. we were able to sleep with the door ajar and the availability of fresh air is something we look for in a hotel. the suite itself was immaculate.thank you bristol for a lovely stay. thank you also for the welcome cocktail party on our first night which introduced us to some of the management, but also to a very interesting sommelier. we really enjoyed his input and recommendations.the hotel car dropping us to our restaurant on the saturday night was very much appreciated and the icing on the cake.
after a busy day walking/shopping around paris we stopped in for an afternoon beverage and dessert in the courtyard.  service was impeccable.  food and drink delicious.  decor was lovely.  looking forward to returning when we can stay longer.
stayed at le bristol for first time in a few years. this hotel is pure quality from the moment you arrive with the helpful doormen, to check in to the beautiful rooms. we had late bar menu night we arrived. perfect sandwiches and tempura tapas. the staff everywhere make you feel at home. delicious breakfast . the spa is fab. it's all expensive but if you want the best.........can't wait to return.
my wife and i have stayed at great properties (hotels, resorts, lodges, camps, etc) on every continent (antarctica excluded as it does not offer overnight accommodations), and after several stays there, we have determined that le bristol is the greatest of them all.  there is no place we have been that offers the luxury, elegance, responsiveness and attention to detail to match le bristol.  yes, it is very expensive, but it is worth maxing out your credit cards for a once in your lifetime experience there.do not miss le bristol.
a beautiful, perfectly located & superbly staffed hotel in the heart of paris. every amenity has been thought of for each guest. restaurants are full of fine wines & foods. for my money this hotel has it all, & don't miss their swimming pool‼️
a wonderful hotel in a great location to walk everywhere. it is very expensive but the service is top notch. every detail is thought through and the staff are incredibly lovely. you feel looked after as soon as you walk through the door- i only stayed one night but would have loved to stay longer. delicious breakfast in epicure. the swimming pool is worth a visit even if you don't swim!
le bristol is exactly the kind of parisian luxury hotel you would think of; beautifully appointed, opulent with discreet, efficient service.the rooms are very generously proportioned (well the suite we had was at least) and tastefully decorated, as are all the public areas of the hotel.the location is great within easy walking distance of a lot of 'touristy' stuff and more bars and restaurants than you could hope to visit in several weeks!a bonus is the 3 michelin star epicure restaurant (see separate review) which is very much in keeping with the overall high standards of the hotel. this space also serves as one of the breakfast rooms where the food is delicious and the service impeccable.
we stayed for 2 nights at le bristol. amazing experience. as a member of lhw, we got an upgrade. the breakfast is fantastic, the courtyard simply amazing especially during spring...everything was exquisite
"five stars for concierge and spa services (massage was fabulous).   ""deluxe"" room was disappointing because of garret ceiling and small size, except for palatial bathroom.  odd telephone appeared not to work until explained.  45 euro continental breakfast in the bar certainly not worth the price."
good to see, i was just thinking how would hotel, the hotel is really good, and delicious food, dinner also, chewy food. reception desk was very helpful. fun, shoot, photography, masti, dinner, hotel.
i have been to many high teas - at least 20. this one was by far the fanciest, yet not the most expensive! the service was outstanding, the food was delectable, and they had an amazing tea selection. keep in mind when you look up the price that the 2nd person is cheaper.
recently i had the opportunity to spend a wonderful time at the fabulous le bristol hotel in paris.  from the moment, you approach this elegant property, you are greeted by warm, knowledgeable doorman, into a grand luxurious lobby. despite its grandeur, everyone welcomes you as if you were a guest in their home.the front reception is welcoming and helpful, with a genuine interest in folding you into the experience.beautiful artwork, hidden niches of solitude with sculptures, plants and floral arrangements, punctuated with magnificent artwork and decor, envelop you.the bar and dining areas are magnificent and the swimming pool, a creative rendition of a yacht, are unique. spectacular culinary creations, or simple snacks are served with flair.   however, what renders this hotel into a level above all others is the knowledge, interest and guest-oriented focus of everyone who works there.sincere concerned interactions, kind greetings, and a completely “can do” attitude, pervade this property. the spirit is felt throughout, with kudos to the individuals who express it, and the management team that guides them.le bristol is a shining example of what an amazing experience can be.  do not miss it!
when planning our romantic/sightseeing holiday in paris i spent ages deliberating between george v and le bristol.  my final choice of the latter was undoubtedly the right one and we had a wonderful and memorable time at this most elegant of parisian hotels.the hotel is well located for sightseeing - very close to the champs-elysees - and for high end shopping if that's your thing.the reception is refined and welcoming rather than overly imposing as many grand hotels can be.  we were welcomed warmly by the multi-lingual staff and given our room key - yes, a real key rather than a plastic access card!  walking through to the lift we noticed the beautifully decorated interiors with lots of the obligatory marble but also lovely antique furnishings (original i understand) and magnificent flower displays.we had a junior suite which had a spacious bedroom and sitting area, walk-in wardrobe, and lovely marble and mirrored bathroom with separate shower room and wc.  as with the public areas, the furnishings were exquisite and tasteful.  the room felt it had been individually and personally decorated rather than being part of a standardised corporate plan.  despite being right in the heart of paris with a room overlooking a road it was quiet, so the soundproofing worked well.after a brief walk down the champs-elysees on our first day we returned to have tea in the courtyard garden.  it is a wonderful, calm spot in a busy city where we could have happily sat for hours trying the various tea blends.we ate in the truly heavenly epicure restaurant one evening and had breakfast here three mornings. i have written a separate review on the restaurant but it was, of course, absolutely perfect.there is a pool and spa here too, which unfortunately we didn't get round to trying.all of the staff, from the doormen to reception and the waiters were extremely helpful, friendly, and courteous.  no need to worry about any froideur here!  every time we returned to our room we found it tidied by the attentive staff.i like to try different hotels when i re-visit places.  however, le bristol has given me a problem because i can't imagine anywhere in paris being better if i have the pleasure of returning this great city.
the bristol is the best hotel i've ever stayed in.a romantic getaway in paris is always an exciting prospect, but jumping out of the taxi here and stepping into the beautiful marble lobby was a breathtaking experience. all of the staff were extremely professional and friendly, greeting us warmly as we checked in and effortlessly slipping into english at the first sign of my french faultering. even walking through the corridors, we were conscious of the luxury and comfort around us - the deep-pile carpets and gilt fittings were amazing!we stayed in the junior suite on the 3rd floor, which for a parisian hotel room was very large and lovingly decorated. of course, it was spotless, bright and airy; the throw on the bed and the curtains were of a lovely william morris-style design. as you'd expect, everything was to the highest standard; the bathroom was spacious and full of mirrors. again, as you'd expect at a hotel like this, the cleaning was exemplary, meaning that every time we came in from a day exploring paris, the room was spotlessly clean and tidy.i mentioned above how helpful and friendly the staff were - this was true at the reception desk and at the cafe antonine, where we had breakfast on three out of the four mornings we were here. likewise, every time we went out, the staff wished us good day or good evening, and the doormen were helpful in hailing cabs for us, overcoming the difficulties of the roadworks at the end of the street and the heavy police presence in the area (owing to the first round of the presidential elections and the terrorist attack not long before our stay). the bristol is located very close to the centre of paris. within a few minutes' walk you're on the champs-elysees with its luxury shopping options; we did plenty of walking around the city while we stayed here. it's not at all far to franklin d. roosevelt metro station, and of course there's always taxis around.eating and drinking options in the hotel were amazing. i can thoroughly recommend sitting down, either indoors or in the wonderfully calm outside courtyard, and enjoying afternoon tea. english visitors won't be disappointed by the selection of teas on offer - i mostly stuck to earl grey, but i also found the bristol blend delicious. we also ate at epicure on our first night - in was incredible, i'll leave a full review on its own page. it was also a real treat to go the bar for a cocktail.overall it was a week to remember! i came away with no criticisms at all. the bristol is a true luxury hotel, so the price will match the expectation, but honestly, it's worth it. i'd definitely come back - i love paris anyway, but the bristol made our stay really magical.
surely this must be paradise: exquisite attention to every detail, beautiful spacious rooms and suites, beautiful garden, a warm welcome. we are eternally grateful that the cat who lives here; pharon- allowed the humans to fuss around him, and visitors to come to his placeexcellent restaurants!any shortcomings? it was difficult to access the plugs to charge my phone and i pad....... is this a real problem- i am not sure
i've stayed at this hotel many times when in paris on business or for pleasure with my family. the pool, sauna and gym add a dimension to the exquisite and well maintained rooms and intimate garden. breakfast is unlike any place i've stayed, lunch and dinner absolutely gourmet with a cosy bar to relax or have an informal meeting. i recall smiling at putin and he returned the grin as we exchanged glances in the lobby. and a wonderful bathtub and bathroom to rival roman excesses at the end of a busy day.
i stayed at this hotel on february and everything was perfect! for me is the best hotel in paris! the staff is so welcoming, explained all the facilities and services. it is a pleasure to engage with them... the cleanliness, the room, the decoration is amazing and i felt like i was in a palace. thank you for your availability during my stay, i definitely will come back for my next stay in paris!
the location ,the management ,the maintenance ,the beauty the service and finally the food are top quality .from checking in till checking out all staff is working with politeness , efficiency and a human touch.i will recommend this hotels to my friends and definitely next time i am i paris  i will come back to le bristol .
"checked in and greeted by a very friendly member of staff, escorted to our room and asked if we required anything to contact them and to enjoy our stay. the hotel is beautiful and the attention to detail and cleanliness throughout is fantastic, the service levels are fabulous, every one greets you and makes you feel wonderful, the hotel itself is beautiful, we enjoyed a swim every morning in the rooftop pool, love the way it looks like a yacht. the bar is comfortable, trendy and has fabulous service,enjoyed the dj in the evenings, we loved it! there are not many hotels in the world that i have stayed in that i can say ""i don't want to leave"". we did stay an extra day. :-))"
we spend only one day there, but i did feel like in a fairytale, really. i got this like a present for my boyfriend and it was so nice and romantic there. the food was awesome, i would love to get such fantastic breakfast every day :-)
my third time at the le bristol, i just had to go out of my way to write a review as the remarkable service at the hotel is just so well executed, you can't help but think of the place with a huge smile.  each part of the hotel contributes to charm and it really the perfect place to stay whether its valentine's day (which comes with an assortment of gifts) or christmas (the tree there is magical).  the only regret i had on this particular visit was not having time to have a drink at the bar ... tickles your sixth sense!  only the peninsula tokyo could somewhat measure up, perhaps on the room but certainly not the charm.   i look forward to my next visit ...
beautiful hotel with well appointed rooms and attentive service. impressive lobby and nice cafe at ground floor, useful for as hoc business meetings and casual coffee. it's like the ritz in london, the steigenberger in brussels or the nassauer hof in frankfurt. big capital grand hotel with traditional charm. highly recommended.
"pretty much all you need to know about le bristol is that you can order a bottle of '61 petrus from the room service menu.  it's one of the classic parisian palace hotels, with an ""old money"" feel (as opposed to something like the mandarin oriental).  wonderful decor, well trained staff, great location.  my room was a bit on the small side (but with a large and well appointed bathroom).  i still prefer the geo v, but bristol is a completely adequate alternative."
there is no doubt that this hotel's number one asset is its staff. from the moment you arrive at the door every staff member goes out of their way to ensure that you are treated like a member of their family - a warm smile, a friendly wave, nothing is too much trouble. how do they do it ?!  i could mention names but that would be unfair to the others, many of whom are behind the scenes of course. can't wait to return.
"never have i needed old school hospitality more than on my recent trip to paris. the perfect storm of maison et objet, men's fashion week, haute couture week, and the inaugural of us president 45 left me a little frazzled to say the least however, after a day of meetings and long dinners, i would retreat to my ""apartment"" at the bristol and be properly taken care by the most attentive staff. think of staying at your perfectly turned out rich aunt's house (even if it's a fantasy) and you have it. old world glamour. the food, the service, the size of the rooms...it's all perfection. i will stay again and again."
my wife and i celebrated our 30th wedding anniversary at this grand hotel last september and loved every minute of our stay.from the moment we checked in we knew this was a special place as our room wasn't ready when we arrived so we were whisked off to the lounge and treated to complimentary cocktails.all the staff we encountered were so friendly and welcoming it made us feel at home especially leah marshall we have stayed all over the world in five star hotels she has been the first general manager to personaly greet us and show such interest, she made us feel special.our room was a stunning suite with balcony and beautiful views.the restaurants were exceptional as was the lounge.i would highly recommend as a truly special occasion destination.i would also recommend the i love paris package it was worth the extra cost!
this is the third or fourth year we've stayed here over new years. the hotel, rooms, and restaurants are first class but what makes this so special is the staff. they are warm, friendly, efficient, caring and like family. we won't stay anywhere else in paris. it's our home away from home.
i was in paris alone, and i checked into the bristol hotel. from the moment i arrived from new york city , after a very difficult time finding transportation from the airport, the hotel made every effort to accommodate me. i arrived at 12:00 pm and was give a room almost immediately. there is nothing they wont do for you. any request whether for restaurant reservation to transportation  the concierge went out of his way to be helpful. i was meeting a friend aaaaand we need to get to beaune, however there was a train strike, some how they managed to find us a driver to get us there. my friend who was staying at another luxury hotel had no such luck. it was the people at the bristol who accommodated us.i have sated in many hotels in paris, when i return i would only stay there.
i could list every element to be found in a great hotel and then say that at le bristol they are all delivered excellently and flawlessly, but i think i just have.that is achieved by highly skilled and committed individuals who appear fixated by your needs rather than their ego.
the hotel is situated in the heart of the city . perfect room, very quiet and comfortable, perfect service . the staff is very friendly, helpful and professional. great service and unbelievable food in the restaurants. it is expensive but the quality, the attention to detail and the luxury orientation is worth the splurge if you're doing something special. would definitely come and stay here on my next trip to paris. one of the best.
"as soon as you enter in the lobby you feel unique. everybody great you from the heart and listen to you.the check-in was done smartly by margaux, as we arrived at 1pm and our room was not ready, we had a glass of champagne at cafe antoinette.as soon as the room was ready margaux came to show us the hotel explaining you everything about some art pieces and talk to you sincerely, wow.""bienvenue dans votre appartement parisien!"" the room was immaculate, lovely colors, classical style with a balcony.the service at the bar and restaurant was also top notch, everybody wants to make you feel comfortable.p.s. : could you please remove this plastic furniture on the balconies?!"
from the moment we arrived you had the feeling of home. from the friendly but efficient staff to the beautiful rooms, this hotel is a must for anyone visiting paris. we ate at 3 of the restaurants and they were all superb. the concierge was knowledgeable and was very helpful. i can't say enough about le bristol
"m wife and i spent a week at le bristol this month. the bristol is an extraordinary hotel, providing the most gracious and warm service we have ever experienced. from the moment a guest enters le bristol, the attentiveness and professionalism of the staff is apparent, beginning with the alert security team, gracious registration staff and extending to every operational department of the hotel. the concierge team, managed by sonia papet, is the finest we have encountered, combining encyclopedic knowledge of paris restaurants and cultural activities with a tireless commitment to assisting the bristol's guests.the guest rooms at le bristol have been beautifully renovated (and are technologically ""smart""), a modernization which did not compromise the hotel's legendary elegance and charm. the guest rooms are beautifully proportioned and generous in size and feature luxurious and intelligently designed bathrooms,  wonderful bedding and luxurious linens. the hotel is devoid of any pretense and ""attitude""; it is the paradigm of hospitality and service, clearly managed by professionals with a relentless eye on detail. the hotel is immaculate; housekeeping is splendid.the hotel's director of operations, leah marshall, is a constant presence, working assiduously and intensively to ensure that le bristol is always in top form. there is not a single apparent flaw in the operation, from the exemplary housekeeping staff to the diverse range of food services and venues, ranging from the comfortable and casual breakfast/cocktail areas to le bristol's superb in house bistro (114 faubourg)  and eric frechon's acclaimed astronomic gem ""epicure"".bravo to the entire le bristol team."
i have just returned from a fantastic weekend at this amazing hotel. i can't speak highly enough of the attentive service my family and i received during our stay. we were there for a very special family birthday and the staff pulled out all the stops to ensure we had a stay to remember. dining at that 'temple of gastronomy' epicure was yet again an experience to remember. and even though chef eric frechon rightly has three michelin stars, his kitchen team was more than happy to make a spaghetti bolognese for my nine-year-old son. once again, thanks to all. hopefully see you soon.
we returned to the le bristol hotel on october 25th. what differentiates le bristol with other five stars hotels is the unique experience we had.first, at check in, then in the different bars and restaurants and, finally when we left.obviously, the clientele is chic and discreet but not snobbish. the staff sincerely attentive and will do the upmost (with a smile) to help you.we enjoyed quite and brilliant rooms, where huge tv screens and ‘impossible to use’ technology is not part of the offer. we enjoyed that!large bathrooms and confortable beds make the difference.bars and restaurants offering is quite unique, always quite, delicious and smiling.we will definitively return to le bristol.
"a room on the 4th floor overlooking the garden courtyard below was heavenly. from a very large room, and bath for paris standards, to the beautiful lobby, bar and restaurant, it was all dreamy.  it didn't hurt that it was also the setting for the film ""midnight in paris"". it is sunny and charming. upon check in, you are introduced to the two hotel  kitty mascots: kleopatra and fa roan, who are birman cats. a lavender cocktail was so unique, as well as everything we dined on. a contemporary oil portrait of marie antoinette resides over guests in the cocktail lounge. a great experience in a great location."
our family (three children ages 13, 11 and 5) headed out on a three week summer trip through europe.  our first stop was the le bristol in paris for a three night stay.  while our trip also included a 12 day disney cruise and stays in italy and spain, the highlight of our vacation was hands down our stay at le bristol.  while the bristol has everything you would expect of a 5 star hotel - large, elegant rooms, wonderful restaurants, great location, gorgeous open-air courtyard - it is their impeccable service and attention to detail that sets them apart from the rest.  jean marie boulet deserves special mention, as he went out of his way to ensure that we, and our three children, were absolutely having the times of our lives, and experiencing everything paris has to offer.  more importantly, he and everyone else at the bristol, truly made us feel like family.  my daughter cannot stop talking about the house cats, fa-raon and kleopatre, my boys consider our dinner at 114 faubourg to be the best of their lives, and my wife and i can't stop reminiscing about the cocktail hours with jean marie and the little gifts and personal handwritten notes in our rooms each day.  suffice to say, we highly recommend le bristol (even for families with small children), and our looking forward to returning to our home away from home as soon as we possibly can!
spent a weekend in paris first time i have ever been to the great city, and what a good stroke of luck have a friend tip me off about the le bristol what a quality hotel the le bristol paris turn out to be  and the staff are fantastic and no problem i could not speak french  check out the pool that's class , the food is tops and no problem with the english breakfast i can still smell the coffee now thanks for a great stay guys i.ll be back dr steel
we have just returned from a truly fantastic stay at le bristol.  any other hotel in the city really would have a difficult time to beat it.  the highlights:- the hotel has a lovely ambiance.  the service is professional and attentive, yet also very friendly and personable - just right.  the clientele is clearly extremely chic, but the hotel never felt stuffy: the atmosphere is relaxed, and people are able to enjoy the experience as they please and at their own pace.- we were upgraded to a deluxe room, overlooking the garden at the back of the hotel.  the room was incredibly calm, enhanced by the pastel decor.  everything was, of course, impeccably clean.  the beds were incredibly comfortable.  antique furniture brought individuality and character.  we had a terrace, which was unexpected and was a huge bonus for us - we loved having a drink while enjoying the view.- the bathroom was stunning.  white and grey tones.  separate bath and shower.  two sinks.  separate cubicle within the bathroom, containing a toilet and bidet.  wonderful robes and toiletries.- the hotel garden was a real pleasure, and we spent hours sitting there watching the world go by.  there is a colourful pergola in it during this summer, which gives a different character (see photos).- we had a breakfast at epicure.  again, wonderful service, and a beautiful setting.  the hot chocolate was like none i had ever tasted before!  and the french toast was out of this world.- we spent time in the pool on the top floor of the hotel.  it was a good size and quite warm.  it's designed to make you feel like you are on a ship, which was very unusual (in a good way!).  we were alone in there for the whole time, which was great.  there is a beautiful terrace overlooking paris, with a great view of the sacre coeur.  plenty of towels, robes, slippers and water provided.very luxurious, and highly recommended.  thank you, le bristol!
stayed a week and thoroughly enjoyed the stay. staff are helpful and knowledgeable - we especially appreciated emmanuel on the concierge desk. my room was catered for me with a breakfast menu matching my nationality, tea from my country and the tv had been set to show local time, time of our global hq as well as time in my country - small touches but it was nice to see the customisation. even if you don't go for a swim, check out the pool as its really elegant. the lifts are classy but can be a little time consuming - it didn't bother me as i appreciated the old world ambiance but if you need faster lifts you may be better off in a modern building. would love to stay again.
"my partner said jokingly to me, ""you're now back in your element"". for someone who loves enjoying luxurious holidays and services, i truly approve le bristol. the interior is very welcoming, comforting and relaxing. the staffs were very friendly, attentive and meticulous (especially important for someone who loves attention to details and all the personal touches). enjoyed the tea time which has a good selection of tea and cakes. did not have a chance to meet the residents fa-raon and kleopatre though! would gladly re-visit or recommend this place to friends."
we stayed here whilst visiting family in paris. our room was large light and spacious (a plus for rooms in paris!) and we loved the swimming pool decorated like a 1920s ship! the hotel has a quieter atmosphere than many of the busy paris hotels but be warned it is still difficult for residents to find somewhere to sit in the reception rooms when they come back from exploring the city as the hotel lobby areas are usually full of businessmen and visitors...the decor is fun (downstairs ladies' wc is decorated in great colours) and the hotel service is ok and efficient. when we stayed we were surprised to be charged extra for wifi (you pay a lot to stay here) and my husband commented to the manager that he was amazed that he had not charged for water and electricity also...the charge was waived, and probably no longer applies but it meant my husband won't be going there again any time soon. paris hotels are generally wickedly overpriced but this one is quite special and is still one of my favourite hotels visited. hot tip: do book dinner in the michelin starred restaurant, it is a theatrical and gastronomic treat like no other.
i walked in to le bristol paris on the prestigious rue de faubourg-saint-honoré near the elysée palace, bleary eyed after an overnight flight from cape town, to a cheerful “welcome home” from the immaculately groomed hostess. accepting her offer of an early check-in, i retired to explore my 18th-century style room and recharge. a little writing desk was tucked into a corner in front of the window, two chairs flanked a table bearing a simple plate of citrus fruit at the foot of the bed and an antique rosewood chest of drawers decorated a short wall.i found the bathroom almost by chance, its discovery a sign of what was yet to come in a subsequent tour of the hotel. behind every door is a grand reveal – from the en-suite bathroom with spatial dimensions as generous as the living area, to the downstairs reception rooms flowing out onto manicured gardens perfect for outdoor dining in summer. i was only there for one night, so had no time for evening dining or spa treatments - there is so much more i hope to experience one day. i couldn't bear to leave...
my wife and i have just returned from 3 nights at le bristol. we have been to paris many times, but this was our first stay at le bristol. it is simply the most remarkable hotel, and stands above all others. it is a beautiful hotel with excellent communal areas and facilities (very fine bedrooms, a great bar, superb restaurants including the wonderful 3 star epicure, a lovely outside space, a great pool and gym), but its distinguishing feature is the utterly outstanding quality of the staff and the wonderful service they provide.never have we come across anything so truly exceptional. their attention to detail and to your needs, their ability to remember your names among hundreds of guests, their friendly courtesy and their general wish to make your stay magical is beyond anything we have ever encountered. it would be unfair to single out any particular person for praise as all were absolutely marvelous  from housekeeping, to front desk, to concierge, to restaurant staff, to gym staff etc. however, standards are set from top - and the manager, leah marshall, does therefore deserve special mention. she is remarkable not only because she has created an environment where her employees achieve standards which are incomparable, but also because she is frequently to be seen in the communal areas speaking to guests in such a way as to make them feel truly welcomed and cared for. nothing is too much trouble. the exceptional quality of the hotel is, in no small part, her achievement. we have booked again for december, and look forward to regular visits.
"my wife and i stayed at le bristol as part of our honeymoon following a trip on the simplon orient express.  as wonderful as the orient express is, the service and the way you are made to feel goes up another level when you arrive.from our welcome, through cocktails in the bar, to all the thoughtful touches in our room, everything was exceptional.  but the stand out for us is were the staff.  somehow, the level of attention is just right.  you feel you are being treated as valued and special guest, but it never feels ""stuffy"" or overly formal.but just as you think it cannot get better, the entire team at le bristol stepped up even further.  we had a situation both before, and following our visit where we needed to deal with some documentation and interaction in france.  the le bristol team, even though we were no longer guests there still extended their assistance for up to two weeks following and spent a large amount time in supporting us, again with the same exceptional courtesy and friendliness we had during our stay there.le bristol, is deservedly recognised as one of the best hotels in the world.  but even in this exalted company, the service we received and how we were made to feel, makes it stand alone as simply the best in the world."
definitely 5 star.food is excellent.very, very, very expensive especially the food & drinks also the accommodation.some rooms very noisy because you can hear the sound of underground trains.on one of the best shopping street of paris.good concierge.house a 3 michelin star restaurant & very good food by eric frenchon.
i agree with others....staying here was magical.  nothing they won't do to make sure your stay is perfect.  so kind and friendly (shout out to bb!), every single one of them.  cute pool, decent gym, fabulous beds, rooms and showers.  very quiet and charming. home away from home in the lap of luxury and worth every penny. i can't wait to return. we love france, and places like this are why.
a high-end hotel which has elegantly retained its old-school charm.  the location is very central and close to many major attractions. although the decor is somewhat outdated, the customers service is always courteous and professional. the rooms are large and well equipped.  wifi is available and is of good quality.
"you arrive at the front entrance and you know you are in for something special...every detail is taken seriously..with full attention paid to every nuance and every request. this is a wonderful place which oozes quality and has the service to match. the staff at reception don't just check you in - they start you on a journey of a wonderful experience. we got the impression that besides their well-heeled guests, they receive many ""special-occasion guests"" - the people they aim to please and ensure that they return.the hotel has it all from the beautiful furnishings, courtyard gardens, antique oriental rugs, excellent rooms with all the fittings and furnishings just right, to the outstanding restaurants ( more about those later). not to forget the wonderful spa and pool area. the view across the rooftops of paris towards sacre couer is amazing...breakfast is outstanding - you can mix and match from a splendid selection on the menu. the fresh fruit was perfect, ripe, fresh and beautiful. eggs benedict with black truffle ..definitely a recommendation..what more can i say? if you want to celebrate a special occasion at a special place in a beautiful city...this is an excellent choice."
"our second time! me and my wife have travelled around the world and spent our vacations staying at different leading hotels for the last 10 years. if you just like me have studied and worked with service, then you know that there are 2 types of them...hard and soft. of course the hard service is nice such as the nice pool with a view or the computer corner with color printer and so many other things but the soft service that is offered at le bristol paris is very uncommon. one of the absolutely best we've experienced around the world. that is one main reason we chose to go back and celebrate our 9th wedding anniversary there. when we will have the chance we will go back. if you value true hospitality then look no further. if you love the best when it comes to food then look no further. we've tried the 3 star food at epicure twice before and its excellent. this time we tried the 1 star food at 114 for dinner. the service and the food was really good there too. recommending it highly. the concierge is always so helpful and professional. if i would think hard to find some things to be improved or that i would wish then it would be this;* breakfast service at epicure could be just slightly better on weekend (when i believe the assistant manager is not there).* i would love to have breakfast in the garden, le jardin francaise. for some reason they've stopped that several years ago.* i would like to have the option of breakfast buffet style offered at the hotel.* i wish every staff at front desk would be more familiar with all the benefits of lhw memberships. extra thanks to these lovely persons working there;""bb"" (front desk), louise (front desk), cécile (front desk), simon (concierge), guillaume (concierge), jean-marie (guest relations manager), sonia (head concierge), alicia (restaurant 114)plus all the rest of the wonderful team working there very hard and professional."
"this place impresses from the time you arrive!  the personnel at reception were attentive and welcoming; what was particularly delightful was the way the check in staff escort you up to your room and provide a mini tour of the hotel on the way.  we requested a top floor room and this was provided together with an upgrade to a junior suite.  the room style is traditional with good quality fabrics and appliances.  the room provided the quietness we requested and by parisian standards was relatively spacious.  small touches like the welcoming bottle of champagne were appreciated.  the location near the elysee palace (and chanel at rue gambon) could not be better!we had a package deal that included dinner at 114 faubourg and drinks at le bar.  i would contend that the package represented extremely good value for money!breakfasts are taken in epicure or the adjacent less formal restaurant- your choice.  the breakfast selections were very good and the service top notch.  one hears stories of the 'stuffiness"" of some of the big name establishments in paris but not so at le bristol; it is a friendly relaxed environment, yet staff we found to be professional and attentive.  you got the impression there was a "" team le bristol""- the staff seemed happy and jolly in their work and were all pulling together to make the guests feel special and to add as much as they could to their paris stay.the garden is wonderful and makes le bristol something special- sadly the weather prevented us from spending the time there that we wanted.i was a bit skeptical of spending time in ""le bar"" but found it to be a warm vibrant place; great drinks and again attentive knowledgeable staff.a few negatives:  the building is old.  other reviewers have commented on the water temperature surges- frustrating for the morning shower.  we thought the bathroom amenities were not in keeping with the quality of the place- difficult to understand.  the towels had seen better days and needed replacing.  we had one frustrating encounter with a junior member of the concierge team.  we needed to get to montparnasse train station with a mountain of luggage and received very bad advice in keeping with someone who had no idea where it was or what it would cost. the rest of the concierge staff were great!the biggest disappointment of the stay; not seeing kleopatre............. we met the wonderful fa-raon who rules the roost at the hotel.  one of the delightful hotel assistants explained that he was being rather crazy and his muse, kleopatre had gone into hiding to get away from him!  we will need to return to le bristol!this is a great parisian hotel; the staff make the place, the eating is good"
there are so many superb hotels in paris, from the four seasons to la reserve to the newly reopened ritz. paris is a competitive market, with some of the best hotels in the world, so why choose le bristol? it's a place of history and culture, where jews were protected from nazis, where exquisite antiques are on display, where many of the staff have spent their lives, and so many of these types of unique tidbits. a hotel is more than a room, some nice hermes soap and rich carpet, and le bristol is one of the world's gems that's an institution that needs to be experienced. obviously everything is superb, and you'd have to be on a mission to find flaws and imperfections, but le bristol has charm and history, and is thus singularly unique. next time we return i sincerely hope that they improve the coffee a bit. fresher (and highly quality) beans and hotel brew temps, please!
as a world traveler, i've seen many beautiful places and enjoyed luxury accommodations, but upon my stay at le bristol, paris, every place has fallen at least second inline to the splendor of this historic hotel.nestled in the heart of paris, the grounds provide a sense of royalty for every guest starting with the opulent lobby and extending throughout the historic venue.
we got into paris after restaurants were closed for lunch. we happened to visit the restaurant in the lobby and didn't have high expectations. all the superlatives i can think will not do the food, ambience and attention to detail the justice it deserves. the front desk staff were also very helpful and the hotel facilities also looked top notch. i would happily revisit and have no hesitation in recommending it.
my husband and i have just returned from four nights at le bristol.  this hotel is truly exceptional.  everything was perfect! the concierge was incredibly helpful as we were trying to organise our days out. we ate at 114, epicure and had afternoon tea and all were delicious. all the staff are friendly and cannot do enough to ensure that guests are well catered for and happy.  we popped into the four seasons and, although lovely, i'm glad we chose le bristol.  we would love to return.
i stayed in a deluxe junior suite with my wife and 7 month old son. the rooms are spacious and awesome. it is the service which stands out. all in all a spectacular hotel with an awesome service and location.
stayed here for 2 nights. everything right from check-in through check-out was just perfect. seems like the entire hotel has been recently renovated and so everything is nice, new and classy. they have tried to blend the best of the new with the class of the old.location: is just perfect. its on a pretty quiet street so if you get a street facing room its not so much of an issue. the best part is that it is a quick 5 minute walk from champs élysées and a 10-12 minute walk from the grand palais area.room: the kind gentleman who checked me in gave me an automatic upgrade to a chamber room which was just massive. there was seating space then the bed and the bathroom had seperate stalls for shower, tub, washbasins and the rest. food: there's a brasserie, which surprisingly has a separate vegetarian menu! something i didn't think would be possible in paris! there's also another restaurant with seating in the garden and a separate bar.  food quality and taste were excellent as well. service was just top notch. of course all of this comes at a cost but its well worth ithighly recommended. note that this is an expensive place but the quality of service and experience makes it well worth that cost.
the bristol is perfect from the minute you walk in the door.  we were greeted warmly by margaux at the front desk.  our room was beautiful with a wonderful bathroom and plenty of storage space.  our bed was really comfortable and the room was very quiet.  we really slept well.  we had tea our first afternoon, the pastries were delicious.  that space was closed after our first day for renovations.  this is a hotel that is obviously always working hard to maintain and improve itself but remains true to a beautiful classic french style.  breakfast is so good with excellent service.  we loved the spa and rooftop pool.  great workout area and the best massages we have ever had.  dinner is also excellent.  our only regret was that we did not have dinner at the hotel every night.  the food and service are that good.  room service dinner was also very good.  we were here for my daughter's 16th birthday and the hotel sent a delicious and beautiful desert to the room.  we cannot wait to go back!  thank you so much for sending the item i left behind. excellent concierge service.  thank you for going out of your way to let me daughter see the cats.  this hotel has the best service in the world!
i had the pleasure of residing at the bristol again in march. the fantastic property, the exceptional staff, the gracious service all seem to exceed the highs of previous multiple stays. i can't say enough about the hotel and its excellence. thank you.
this is the best hotel ever in my opinion. we were treated like royalty the entire stay. i even began to wonder if the hotel had mistaken us for some celebrities. the room was huge by paris standards and about twice as large as the highly rated cubicle we stayed at during our last trip to paris. the special birthday surprise was most unexpected and appreciated. the service, amenities, location and ambiance are all perfect. i highly recommend it to anyone celebrating a special occasion or just wanting an amazing experience in paris.
"i don't even know where to start to explain how amazingly beautiful our week-long stay at le bristol was in paris. i would say this hotel topped all of my expectations and more. it was an absolute pleasure to stay here and i cannot wait to get back.when booking for our trip the past summer, i wanted to try the shangri-la but my fiance wanted to try something different and he mentioned le bristol. after the reviews on tripadvisor i was sold.we were very warmly welcomed and check in was a breeze. the room wasn't ready yet so we were treated with some warm croissants and pastries and coffee at the lobby cafe while we waited. the lobby was opulent and beautifully, tastefully decorated. it has an old-world charm that is so paris but also is still so very current and chic at the same time!? i loved all the marble and the beautiful tapestry. there were giant fresh flower bouquets adorning the hallways. the lobby was immaculate. larger hotels like shangri-la have that giant impressive, imposing lobby but i preferred le bristols even though it was a slightly smaller lobby it was much more luxurious, opulent and so very paris. also, i loved the cute furry cats running around too!le bristol takes the cake as the best service i have ever experienced at a hotel, i would dare say more so than tokyo!! we were surprised everyone greeted us by our names ""good morning mr - miss - "" etc. even maids and service would let us pass first before they went on their way! the bellmen were absolutely fantastic, opened the cab doors on both sides so that i can get out too instead of scooting over the other side after my fiance (not an easy task when one is wearing a pencil skirt). they were extremely helpful and even brought out an umbrella for us when it was going to rain. the rooms are made with luxurious heavy silk curtains and beautiful furniture. the bathroom was covered floor to ceiling with white carrara marble. so chic. i think for those that prefer a 'modern' look may not like this type of interior. but for a fashion lover like me i was very impressed. there was a makeup/vanity table in our room that was absolutely gorgeous and i asked the concierge for the price to see if i could have it in my dressing room and it turned out to be around $15k.. one day...!room service was always perfect every time. they managed to get our orders exactly as we ordered. breakfast was served on white tablecloth table with fresh flowers, a basket filled to the brim of flaky pastries and fresh fruit. one time we ordered from the late night menu and the hotel recommended a bottle of red that was delicious and not overpriced. it was decadent, i felt totally pampered my whole stay.le bristol was the epitome of luxury and class. i was especially impressed at how rested and comfortable i was during my stay. i was worried that it was going to be too 'fashion-conscious' and stuffy but i couldn't be more wrong. the staff was absolutely on point every single time. i would not hesitate to go back again."
we had the most fantastic time at le bristol.  the service was amazing, attention was focussed on every little detail.  all of the staff were lovely, friendly and courteous.  our afternoon tea was a real treat - a fantastic selection of sandwiches, cakes and pastries - great for everything but my waistline.  we finished our stay with dinner in 114 - a fabulous ending to a magical weekend. a birthday/valentine weekend to remember.can't wait to go back.
incredible!!!!  first off my wife and i went and i had extreme jet lag.  i canceled my meal... and then woke up later after my wife finished her meal.   service - impeccable!   kindness - remarkable!! i woke up and had the sole..omg!what an impeccable restaurant!!  cannot say enough about service and cannot say enough about the foe food!  the sole was incredible!'    go here go here! period!!!0
there isn't one complaint that we could have.  excellent service, excellent sleep, a true vacation! we will definitely be coming back.  room was gorgeous and was cleaned meticulaously and quickly every day, they did this at at our convenience!
french perfection. graceful, historic beauty. a location that can't be beat! walk to the most famous landmarks or hop on the metro. if you are lucky enough to call the le bristol home during your visit to paris, you will have a true french experience. the employees are friendly and helpful! joie de vivre!
unfortunately i have only stayed here on business. i would love to take the family. it oozes charm and sophistication. wonderful food as you would expect, excellent service, luxurious rooms and conveniently located in the city. if you want a real treat-this is the place to go.
my daughter and i stayed here for a long weekend and it was an absolute delight. the suite was lovely and the service throughout the hotel was simply wonderful and efficient. breakfasts were always such a great event here and cocktails in the evening was just divine. we had a lovely swim at the swimming pool located on the roof with wonderful night views of paris. dinner in the restaurant was such an experience that my daughter still talks about it with great passion. this is a wonderful hotel.
makes me feel sad for the rest! (to quote carly simon). le bristol is a true legend amongst parisian hotels. it is a gracious, immaculately kept palace, with fabulous public areas, gorgeous, individually decorated rooms ad suites, and world class cuisine. but it is so much more than this - it is a place where one is immediately made to feel at home, and somewhere that you never wish to leave! the staff are the real stars here - they are the mist genuine, warm, friendly and professional staff you could ever wish to meet.whichever room or suite you chose you will not be disappointed - there are no such things as standard rooms at le bristol, with deluxe room being larger than many suites at other parisian hotels. we stayed in suite paris on the 6th floor which was larger than many apartments with wonderful views of the city and the eiffel tower.the location of the rue du faubourg st honore is excellent, with the champs elysees, tuileries gardens, avenue montaigne, the louvre etc (paris's bond st) all within an easy stroll.the hotel has two fabulous restaurants - the multi-michelin starred epicure, for a wonderful celebratory meal, with dignified and elegant service, in a beautiful setting overlooking the gardens. the food is sublime, and very subtle, and not at all over the top. wonderful wines and liqueurs compliment the food perfectly.however, if 'fine dining' is not your thing then i wholeheartedly recommend brasserie 114. the food is quite simply amongst the very best food i have tasted anywhere. service is superb (overseen by the wonderful monsieur jeanne). the ambience is busy and sophisticated and the food represents excellent value for money.any trip to le bristol would not be complete without a visit to the beautiful jardin francais or the wonderful bar, where max will mix the most amazing cocktails for you!i love staying at le bristol, and i cannot imagine there being a more complete, and wonderful hotel. a great big thank-you to all the staff for making my partner's 70the birthday so truly memorable.see you at le bristol very soon!
"i arrived in paris late, around 9pm but they couldnt be more obliging with all my bags, it was me and my best female friend on a break from life as you do, so we combined are savings and decided why not go to paris for 5 days?!we wanted a really nice room, and you have to see the eiffel tower so we got the paris suite; sublime, magnifique, heavenly. these are the words you think of when you enter this suite. it was so tasteful and functional but still a little rich. the bed, oh the bed, so soft! and all that space, it felt great away from our box flat in melbourne.we had dinner 2 nights in the restaurant le jardin. food was impeccable, much better than any ""french"" cusine in australia. service was on point but not too attentive.we saw the sights, all arranged by the hotel concierge who was so helpful, really not having to worry was a wonderful feeling. still a little on cloud nine :dthankyou so much le bristol for an unforgettable experience"
"we have spent 2 nights at le bristol last week and it was certainly a delightful stay.lovely room facing inner court with a gorgeous welcome bottle of wine and some clementines.we were invited to join the coctail with the hotel management on the first night and it was  really nice to meet the hotel manager - charming madam leah marshall and other managers. later they arranged for us a table for dinner at faubourg114 without  reservation - the dinner was excellent.we also had a dinner at epicure next night - fabulous experience though a bit slow service....and the tempting mignardises never arrived to our table)). breakfast at epicure is stunning as were the chrismas-trees in the hotel.the front desk were absolutely great and flexible when we requested a late check-out.but.... there were some little things  which could be improved...on the second evening my husband had badly fallen on the stairs by the swiming pool - the steps are extremely slippery. fortunately, he survived))and had no serious injury but there were not any staff member  in the swimming pool area to help, to ask ""are you allright, sir?"" another guest who was at the pool said he had also happened to fall there. i think would be nice to  put some warnings  next to those stairs.on that tricky evening  after the turn-down service we found only one bathrobe in the room, had to call the housekeeping to request the other. besides, the toiletries  were not replenished during our stay. we ordered in-room breakfast one morning and it arrived without the viennoiseries and a plate of jambon was missing as well.... certainly, everything  has been delivered some minutes later but when we stay in a perfect hotel we are expecting everything to be prefect.)in general the hotel is terrific!!! compliments!"
the hotel is beautiful. the people who work here can't do enough for you. they make you feel at home or part of the family.  just my wife and i for a romantic week. great dinner at epicure and new year's eve party after. there were plenty of kids around but they weren't in the way or did not take away from the ambiance. the staff were very kid friendly. i can't say enough about the staff from housekeeping to hostess or maitre d   they were the top. it is expensive but here you get what you pay for.
"it is difficult to convey how delightful le bristol is, however here i go! the service, excellent. the rooms, excellent. the food and restaurants, excellent. the spa, excellent. we have had the privilege of staying in some amazing hotels over the years, however le bristol has the obvious experience in making each guests stay memorable and about them.we ate all but one meal at the hotel, we used the spa, we used the pool, we want to move in!! le bristol  exudes an air of grace and charm that is missing in many of the ""uber chic"" contemporary hotels. that is what make it par excellence!!"
staff? service? rooms? food? facilities? location? impeccable, i have to mention that my flight was delayed and i had to check out sometime earlier, so i asked for an alternative accommodation, my room was reserved, unfortunately there was no vacancy, before checking out i was offerd a suite to use until i catch my flight, appreciated it, good work...
the bristol is a beautiful and comfortable 5* hotel.  our stay was exceptional enough that i decided to add yet another glowing review.  we were there during the paris terrorist attacks and the hotel handled matters perfectly.  as the street was blocked off on our arrival by armed police, a hotel employee met us at the barricade and carried our bags from the taxi to the hotel.  the room was lovely and comfortable. lots of little touches to make the bristol my favorite hotel in a city filled with truly exceptional hotels.
amazing hotel, amazing staff. i traveled with two friends and the hotel put us up in a suite with two bathrooms and a walk-in closet-perfect accommodations (didn't charge us more than what we booked the room for)! the roof top pool is one of a kind. great place to relax after a day of sightseeing. the staff invited us for an afternoon champagne and appetizer gathering to meet them and other guests: so nice! the decor is amazing, breakfast room #1, lobby bar has a dj at nite. you feel like you are in versailles!! can't say enough. also, spent an afternoon at the spa: awesome. the hotel even give you a 30 minute add-on leg and foot jet-lag treatment. use it, it is amazing. after living in paris many years i never thought i would return to stay in such an opulent hotel!! worth every penny. (i have stayed at the shangra-la in paris and would say the staff at le bristol is by far much better!!)
we stayed for 2 night on 5 and 6 november.  our room was a deluxe and was both beautiful and elegant.  we cannot speak highly enough of this hotel.  the staff were friendly, professional and excellent.  we ate in le jardin francais for breakfast and lunch and the food was delicious and beautifully presented.  we even met the hotel cat.  this is an amazing hotel and the only downside for us was having to leave.  we will be back.
as soon as you walk into the lobby, you know you have arrived somewhere very special. the place literally shimmers. this hotel sets the standard for all others.  the staff is happy, warm and welcoming. they look to make you happy in all interactions.exceptionally clean, delicious food, comfortable bed and room.  but alas, you are in paris so you must leave the hotel and explore the city.  but at the end of the day, you look forward to coming back to le bristol.  it is a treat to stay here.i will return whenever i am in paris.
the location is the best in town and here is where you can find real luxury hotel. nice staff, good concierge that can book everything for you. the rooms are very nice (very french style decoration). a must when in paris!
le bristol paris is a gorgeous hotel. in a lovely location on the right bank, everything about our stay was perfect. our deluxe room was light, bright and spacious. dinner in the brasserie was superb and breakfast was a treat- whether casually in the lounge or in the restaurant. however without a doubt, what made this such a special experience was the attitude and approach of the staff. from the house maids to the concierge,every single staff member was pleasant, helpful and keen to make the stay everything we wished it to be. they managed to make us feel as if we were their only guests...and i suspect each of their other guests felt the same way.
very comfortable rooms available for the clients. i stayed there two weeks with my husband. foods also in best condition. very delicious. staff is very helpful like family members. but the rates are some higher than others. overall can give a excellent rate.
we have spent 4 beautiful days at le bristol. this hotel is a parisian landmark and deserves its exquisite reputation. we had a classic room with a nice size and a huge bathroom and separated toilet and walk-in shower. la prairie toiletries and hermes mirror the highest standard philosophy of le bristol. the rooftop pool was the nicest surprise. it was quiet and very clean. from the pictures it looks pretty small. it is indeed not huge, but what a pleasure to step into the perfect tempered water and enjoy the peaceful view of some roofs and the upper part of the eiffel tower. the bed was very comfortable, however it could have been a bit wider. all staff members are kind and know what you need and like to do. we also had the chance to see the adorable 2 cats and to cuddle them a bit. le bristol and its wonderful staff made our stay in paris even more memorable.
"i rested my tired paws after prowling around paris all day - mostly, visiting the usually shut manses during journees de patrimoine, or heritage days.      no, i am not really a cat - or even a kitten, for that matter.      really, though, i was bone-tired and wanted some pampering.  found it here, in the form of a soothing piano at tea-time and a strong and well-executed cosmopolitan.      curiousity is a trait of mine, and i decided to check out some other parts of the hotel once the"" spirits"" had done their magic.       padding to the restaurant in the comfy and elegant lobby, i saw a somewhat kindred spirit:  sprawled on the counter was a white furry ...what?  a lost evening wrap?  a russian military hat in white mink?  what?    walking closer, i found the white ""thing"" moved!  yes, i was told by the gracious employee, ""c'est cleopatra.""  resident cat at the bristol!      lucky cat, given a room - decorated in graffiti - all to herself -or, to be fair, to share with pharaoh.  meow!       of course, i had my curiousity satisfied, and i further discovered the new restaurant and bar -cum dj- that enhance this favorite stopping off spot of mine.       fashion teas are still given; alas, i was too early for this season's offering.       go and rest your tired ""paws.""  it is a pause that refreshes - in a very elegant setting!"
from the minute we arrived at le bristol, my husband and i knew we'd made the perfect choice in hotels.  and, that was how we felt each moment of our four night stay at this exceptional property.  in every respect of what one could possibly desire from a luxury hotel, le bristol exceeds well beyond the highest of expectations.  the quiet location makes for a wonderful night's sleep, but then it is conveniently located to so many places one wants to explore in paris.  breakfast at le jardin was a lovely way to start each day. dinner one evening at 114 faubourg (a michelin starred brasserie at le bristol) was superb. on several occasions we enjoyed cocktails and small bites at le bar.  the overall dining highlight of our ten nights spent in france was had at epicure. i'm still at a loss for words to describe such an amazing array of tastes and presentations. without any question, epicure is the best restaurant we've ever experienced and its three michelin stars are well deserved.    in addition to fabulous dining options, there are countless other reasons that set le bristol apart from any other hotel we've visited. the accommodations were flawless including a balcony in our junior suite which provided an eiffel tower view.  however, it is the hotel's exceptional staff that raises the bar for all other hotels.  i know many reviewers mention names of those providing outstanding service.  i find that difficult to do as i feel all 600 employees work together to deliver the overall experience that one has at le bristol.  that starts with the bellman upon your arrival to those that you'll never see behind the scenes.  upon checking out of the hotel our final morning, my husband and i were already discussing our plans to return.  le bristol is in a league of their own in our travel  book and we are eager to visit again!
beautiful hotel - very big, amazing service, the staff is really kind - it is elegance in the perfect parisian setting. i recommend to test the bar - for me it is one of the best of paris - chic and quiet.
we had a little view of the eiffel tower over the rooftops from the balcony of our room.beautiful swimming pool in the hotel, designed to make you feel you are on an old sailing ship.  michelin restaurant, very pricey, but worth the experience.  breakfast was unfortunately served on little coffee tables off the lobby - not very comfortable.  we didn't know we should've booked the restaurant for breakfast and it was full.  good walking district.  good restaurants in the area within walking distance.
until we stayed at le bristol for a week to celebrate our wedding anniversary, we thought we knew what a luxury hotel was. our eyes were opened by the true nature of luxury and service we experienced. from the curb side greeting from leah marshall, hotel manager, to the remarkable concierge team led by the delightful sonia papet to the michelin starred epicure restaurant--and on and on--we experienced the best hotel stay ever.  we were encouraged to stay at le bristol by andrew harper travel and they certainly helped us make the best possible choice.the location is adjacent to some of the most trendy shopping in paris and to various embassies and consulates. we were able to walk to many of our favorite paris haunts and, when too far to walk, taxis or the hotel's limo were easily available.
my husband and i spent 7 nights at le bristol.  the hotel is fabulous!  first of all, the hotel is immaculate.  secondly, the staff is terrific.  they have the uncanny ability of making a large hotel  feel very personal.  the staff knew our name and was very quick to accommodate all our needs.  i must personally thank arian roehrle, manager of reception and joscha kranz, guest experience manager.  they are both very professional and are quick to make your stay perfect.  i can't speak highly enough about this hotel.  it is the best hotel in paris and we will definitely be back in the near future.
what a wonderful hotel..  thank-you le bristol for a beautiful stay.. we commend you! my husband and i visited this hotel aug 16-19, 2015 as we purchased a vacation package for a fundraiser for dreams take flight ( a charity that sends underprivileged children to disneyland (california) for a day from edmonton, alberta, canada) le bristol was gracious enough to have donated to this very worthy cause. as i am also a business woman, i understand the amount of requests that are received and that we cannot donate to all. thank-you - your donation was more than appreciated. and i must say that you are a very elegant grade a hotel as your stature on tripadvisor indicates. i would recommend you anytime. good luck in business..  and your beautiful cats are an added bonus!
first time back in 14 years and it has just gotten better. elegant, classic but not stuffy - in fact very friendly.  great location - walked to many landmarks and to shopping. was upgraded to a room with a view of the eiffel tower!!! lovely large bathroom also with a view of the eiffel tower. heaven on earth. amazing place with a perfect staff - service is impeccable and discrete. any and all requests were handled quickly and with a smile whether it was from the room service, housekeeping. laundry or any other staff. they only needed to meet you once to know your name. the concierges were excellent - responded to all request quickly and efficiently and made great suggestions. beautiful garden - great place for a drink or tea. when they found out that i loved little wild strawberries as a child and had not been able to find any in 40 years by magic a bowl appeared the next day (and a special tart made from them also).the epicure restaurant is one of the best (if not the best) in paris. (note that it is also one of the 2 places in the hotel that a wonderful breakfast is served). truly a palace hotel - one of the best hotels in the world. and what other hotel has two beautiful in-house resident cats? (hope fa-roan is feeling better). i will definitely stay there every time in paris.
when in paris we normally stay at the ritz.  but due to the renovation we have been trying other places.  the bristol is a worthy competitor just down the street.  upon arrival we were greeted warmly by leah marshall the hotel manager.  she makes you feel like you are the most important person she is seeing that day. ms. marshall introduced us to the heads of all the departments and even arranged a tour of various suites so we could choose from among them for our return. throughout our stay all the staff made us feel welcome to be there.  even maids down the hall would turn, smile and warmly greet us.  if you have stayed at the george v, the friendliness at the bristol was on that level.   we were upgraded to a beautiful and well thought out suite.  we were in room 631/633 which is immediately below the suite used in woody allen's midnight in paris movie.  the sitting room was large and comfortable with a couch, chairs and a work table.  the bedroom was equally large with wonderful closets allowing us to unpack all our clothes and for my wife to arrange her various purses and shoes.  there was another entry room which we stored our suitcases.  the bedroom had a small cove which has a desk and make up mirror. the bathroom was done in understated carrera marble with his and her sinks, separate tub and shower and toilet room.  the bed was comfortable.  however, i did have a few complaints- first, the temperature control is old- there is not digital display or ability to control the temp to the 1/2 degree.  also, the pillows were hard and uncomfortable- kind of a sin for a hotel of this level- i mean it is a palace designated hotel.  finally,the bathroom had a heated floor which was wonderful, but as the toilet room was contained therein, the room was unbearably hot. the other parts of the hotel were all top shelf.  the spa was good as was the masseuse.  although the workout room does not have enough treadmills, the machines themselves were of high quality.  the public spaces are very beautiful and all the restaurants were great.  at breakfast, the staff knew us and the service was outstanding as was the food.  we ate lunch outside in the garden- again, great service and food as well as a peaceful and pretty respite from a hectic morning of activities.  epicure is worthy of its 3 stars (don't miss the ravioli foie gras) and the brasserie was just what you would expect- except for the over the top friendly service.  the bar provided us with free apertifs prior to ordering our drinks and instead of the typical olives we were served lovely chocolates to go with our wine.  finally the hotel has a public area with food and couches for relaxation.  there is a pianist who added to the allure with her soft music and pretty voice.  the location  is excellent for visiting private art galleries which abound all around the hotel, for top flight shopping and for walking to the petit palace and attractions close to there across the seine.  however, he location is not as good as the ritz for walking to the louvre, d'orsay and old opera house.  to sum up, this hotel should be at the top of your list when visiting paris.
stayed here for two nights on a business trip. genuinely top quality and by far the most expensive hotel i have ever stayed in. the standard room rate was €1400 per night but you do get what you pay for. i suppose if you can afford to book such a hotel you don't worry too much about the incidental costs but for me, an average man in the street, these can be eye popping. i was charged €106 for a suit and shirt to be pressed which i still find unjustifiable to this day. that said the room service menu was not too overpriced which came as a bit of a surprise. the one thing that i really didn't like was the breakfast set up. a beautiful venue but the whole process was over complicated and the choice of food was a bit limited. all that said if you want to experience traditional, opulent, hospitality then this is one of the places to visit. i am sure you will not be disappointed.
we have spent many stays at this sublime hotel and each visit has been exemplary over a number of years.  the staff are welcoming and friendly - nothing is ever too much trouble and there is always a sense of humour behind all encounters no matter how ridiculous the request.  the rooms are simply divine and our last junior deluxe suite was absolutely perfect.  the 114 faubourg, l'epicure, le jardin francais and le bar are all perfect places to sample the best in french cuisine and hospitality - all are to be experienced and found to be perfect examples of the highest standards of french savoir faire.  there is nothing stuffy about this hotel; as exemplified by the fabulous leah marshall, the hotel manager, who absolutely ensured that my birthday was memorable and perfect - true class is always a delight!
"my wife and i stayed at le bristol twice in june, 2015, both before and after a biking trip to champagne and alsace.  we had a junior suite for the first stay and a one-bedroom suite for the second.  both rooms were excellent: clean and quiet, but the one-bedroom suite was outstanding.the staff continually went out of their way to make us feel like we were the only guests in the hotel.  leah marshall, the hotel manager, infuses them with her energy and friendliness, and i really can't say enough about how much we enjoyed ourselves.in all we stayed a total of seven nights.  room service, while expensive, is an absolute treat.  and if anything ever goes wrong, you can expect them to handle it promptly.  i reported a squeaky bathroom door hinge and not only was it fixed within an hour or so, a couple of hours later we received a bottle of champagne and a nice note apologizing for our ""inconvenience.""we love le bristol.  we've already booked our return for 2016."
our experience at this beautiful hotel was fantastic!!! great location, excellent staff, superb room service, conceige staff were exceptional... our suite was out of this world incredible! the only thing that was better than our room was the pool/spa area... splurge!!!! you deserve it!!!!!!
when we travel we want to stay at beautiful places where our every need is met and this hotel does not disappoint!  my daughter forgot a couple of personal items and all i had to do was mention it and it was delivered to our room.  my kids love it when they find something special waiting for them in the room at check in!  the staff is personal, extremely attentive and they make a point of knowing who you are.  fresh flowers adorn the lobby.  the location is great and the food is divine!  i would recommend upgrading your breakfast to the le bristol breakfast if you're a foodie!  do not miss breakfast and get breakfast reservations in the restaurant if you remember...it's beautiful and they greeted my children with open arms, tending to their food phobias and preferences without hesitation.  the rooms are very pretty too and the pool was nice for my kids who wanted to swim one afternoon.  yes, it's expensive, but you get what you pay for!
what can i say, if you are looking for the best place, the most authentic parisian palace in the city of lights, it doesn't get better than le bristol paris!loved the swimming pool on the 6th floor and the spa is also great. great location in the hearth of one of the prettiest districts of paris.rooms are spacious and keep the louis xv and xvi style but without being overly classic, instead they are light and bright... loved the white marble bathrooms!!!the garden is a heaven in the middle of the city and perfect to have a drink.
this was my 2nd visit to the hotel this year for business and it never fails to disappoint. the rooms are pure luxury, with huge beds that you could sleep in for days, elegant furnishings, and spacious bathrooms. you always receive such a warm welcome the minute you walk into the grand foyer, and every member of staff i've encountered has been extremely helpful and friendly. this time i was even lucky enough to meet one of the resident hotel cats - a real treat! it is always a pleasure to swing by the bar for a cocktail and romain & aurelie make that a pleasant affair.
through a paper error, we wound up at a less desirable hotel in paris than we wanted, for my birthday, so we began searching for a best option.  my wife said she wanted to try le bristol, and what a great suggestion that was.  the bristol couldn't have been  better.  i travel a great deal for business, so i'm used to nit and nats.  the bristol had none.  the service was out of a movie, the rooms large (albeit a bit period decorated), and the food was sublime.  cheap - no.  worth it - every penny and more! what i really liked was their proactive attitude in service.  when you asked for one thing, they not only gave you that, they offered something additional (do you need a restaurant reservation, tonight?).  it's not whether i wanted it, it's the fact that they were thinking of how to serve me..btw, our rate incl an american breakfast, and even those were some of the best meals i had in paris.  the food, breakfast/lunch/dinner, was to die for.all in all, i thank the person who made the original hotel error.  without him, i wouldn't have found my new go-to paris hotel - le bristol
best hotel ı have ever stayed ın. really good. you feel lıke you are a kıng or somethıng whıle you are stayıng there. food ıs great. servıce ıs really good. what can ı say....ıts one of the best hotels ın parıs for sure. my room was bıg and beautıful. stayed there only for 2 days. everythıng ı have expected and more. love love love. doesnt get better than thıs.
"in short, and awesome stay.  from the moment we set foot in the property to our smoothly choreographed exit, we were treated to the highest service levels possible.  front desk staff - awesome.  stephanie n in the office - awesome.  concierge - top notch.  you combine this with recently renovated rooms, and you've a winning combination.  i'm not sure what would make this better, honestly. well, two small things.  bar allowed cigar smoking inside late in the evening.  i don't think that is allowed, but if it is no matter  - it caused us to avoid a night cap in the bar, the stench was that bad.  second, consider free basic wifi as it's the norm now.  i realize the phrase ""we've stayed in some of the nicest hotels in the world and this is the best"" is a bit tiresome ... but in this case, it's true.  i'm afraid my wife and daughter now have a new high bar that will be hard to always live up to!  :-) highly recommend staying here.  i also highly recommend le 114 for dinner along with outside courtyard for lunch."
everything amazing. very special welcome and exceptional service by ingo throughout our stay. all impecable, generous and wonderful. breakfast very nice, room super. hotel has lots of character and charm.
"the service was exceptional and the luxury atmosphere was outstanding!  we recently stayed at le bristol for 3 nights over the course of a 10 night stay in france.  the rooms were elegant and, for me, it is one of the best hotels we have stayed at during our lifetime.  the service staff are on top of every amenity  -- from front desk service to concierge - to hotel restaurants - to room service to spa, etc.  if you are not impressed by ""fall all over you"" service and luxury (albeit at an expense) this is not the hotel for you.  if you appreciate every effort made by all of the hard working serivce staff you will truly love this hotel.  we were also very fond of the sweet family cats that roamed the hotel."
this hotel is truly special.  it is one of the most luxurious places we have ever stayed.  the rooms are beautiful, bright and warm.  the service was truly among the best we have ever experienced.  they worked harder than any other hotel staff to make sure we were well cared for and that our every need was met, particularly sarah.  it was very difficult to leave after our short stay.  we could have stayed forever!
having stayed in hotels in most of the world's principal cities i can safely say the bristol stands out as the epitome of perfection.the service from all the staff is outstanding;  arriving and leaving is made  completely stress free by charming staff at the front desk and in between guests are treated to the most courteous and efficient service from everyone.our beautiful room faced inwards and was perfectly quiet at night with the windows open.i overslept.the decor in the the epicure has the right balance of elegance,space and feeling of being in a garden.the cooking is truly out of this world with stunning combinations of colour,design and ingredients to create dishes you will never forget.the wine list is probably the finest you will ever find.the service is immaculate.the effects of a visit to the spa lingered long after i left ensuring a lasting memory of the perfect hotel.
this is a real elegant 5 stars hotel that i really enjoyed staying. i did spent few days with my wife. the room was amazing and the service was really just great. the room and the whole hotel was very relaxing. the food was very tasting
very good hotel! we have just 1 night and will come back for more! receptionist mary did check in and very good explain hotel and area. very comfortable room and bed! very nice breakfast and dinner in restaurant!
this is the ideal paris hotel in every way. fabulous.from the food to the rooms to the service, this is special.it is expensive, so we may not be back for a while, but it was a great experience.magnifique!
after several years of absence, my wife and i together with a couple of good friends stayed at le bristol. the high standard has been maintained and so has the legendary hospitality of the staff.  we spent three days at the hotel, and the freindly and efficient staff managed to fullfill all our wishes. they even managed to get tickets to the famous ballet at opera garnier.
in paris address matters and this charming hotel is top on location actually prefer it to le meurice, with rue st honore and landmarks a walk away. for business delegation their ballroom service is par excellence. would recommend for business stay when precision matters
two thumbs up! very pleasant stay at le bristol for four days at the deluxe junior suite with a terrace. room was very french and a good sizable apartment. staffs were extremely friendly. food from room service to 114 faubourg was amazing. the cats was bonus so adorable! can't complaint anything about the hotel. the only regret was i didn't try to book epicure ahead of time so the restaurant was all full during my stay there.
stayed here on a business trip and the hotel was fantastic. great service and lovely vibe. i was pleasently surprised with my room and the level of service i recieved. i would recommend this hotel and look forward to returning.
superb its fab to visit a marvelous tremendously awesome place💃😀😀😍😍😍 its a pleasure of god bd blessing to visit such beautiful places on world m loving it its great all services r good ambiance shopping tourist visit really aeesme
le bristol is beauty and elegance combined into one.  popular with the parisians as much as many of the europeans.  the bar had a great buzz in the evening. the hotel rooms are at an impeccable standard. we had a junior suite for my birthday and the hotel pulled out a few stops that were very memorable. the prices are not for the faint hearted. however paris is a place of opulence and high end beauty. tread carefully in this hotel as beauty and glamour is everywhere. we did not get to experience breakfast . it came with a ransom price that was a bit steep, however breakfast is meant to be more culinary dining experience. the hotel has kids playroom.  it is amazing. they have a few games consoles. coloring, probably even painting, puzzles and a dolls house. my daughter loved it and it was haven for us in the evening when we could not take her out and wanted her to sleep at a responsible time. they even offer d her snacks and water. amazing hotel. service friendly but not like fouquet's.  they were friendly and homely. all in all very good and great for a splurge. bring your amex card and maybe a few others!!
this superior 5 star hotel is perfectly located for the exceptional choice of attractions, shopping and galleries in paris. our room was a recently refurbished suite on the 8th (top) floor with spectacular views over the city,as we were celebrating our wedding anniversary the hotel laid on champagne, a beautiful cake and the bed and bath were strewn with red rose petals, an excellent touch.the staff were all exceptional and without being overly picky, it is hard to find any fault with this hotel.  we only dined in the hotel brasserie once but again it waqs excellent.  it is an expensive hotel but well worth the money for a special occassion.the only thing that slightly marred our stay was the close proximity of a crane on an adjacent building site.
this magnificent hotel has already received every possible accolade and more than deserves them all. a week here stands as a highlight of a life worth of travelling. with a room overlooking the delightful garden courtyard, breakfast was an event to be stretched over most of the morning and just walking in and out of the building put a smile on my face. i have stayed in many hotels in paris and many are quite nice. but nothing compares with le bristol. add it to your bucket list and make sure to do it soon...!!!
just getting around to reviewing this hotel from a stay in 2013.  we loved this hotel, from the lobby, the interesting pool, the comfortable room and the excellent breakfasts.   we prefer quiet areas and the area surrounding the hotel was generally peaceful.  the staff was very accommodating and we enjoyed being able to swim at the end of the day.
good service and accommodations. my girlfriend and i really enjoyed our stay there. buffet breakfast is very good as well. the staff are very friendly and they are responsive to all of our requests. thank you
absolutely fantastic hotel. superb customer care and service. looking forward to staying again in the future. concierge were great for directions and restaurant tips . lovely shops very close by. thanks to everyone.
paris is a place that feels a bit dangerous to travel to/ from. but the moment you step in hotel le bristol, it is one of the most pleasant experience. i had a great time last week staying at the hotel. the staff are nice, very welcoming and polite. all the restaruants in the hotel are amazing. the bar is expectionally enjoyable as well. the hotel may be pricey but it is worth every penny.
this is the essence of the bristol.  when you are paying 5 star hotel rates in paris, you expect the best and the bristol delivers with exceptional service, food and a palatial experience.  it is hard to explain the serenity of being in the bristol after a day of shopping or dealing with the crowds of the tourist attractions. this is my sixth trip to paris and the first at the bristol.  there are many wonderful places to stay at one third of the cost but worthwhile to treat yourself to a lifetime experience at the bristol.  it is hard for most of us to imagine the cost to maintain and renovate this palace to give you the experience you receive.  the lobby, restaurants and courtyard are all amazing. you get a michelin one star bistro and 3 star dining in the hotel.  the best food experience i have had anywhere in a hotel.  the restaurant and bar staff are also outstanding. the rooms are like having your own grand parisian apartment.  you open your windows on to the courtyard, lounge in your wonderful room and marble bathroom.  the housekeeping staff is wonderful visiting your room multiple times a day freshening your room, water, bowls of fruit, flowers etc. the doorman are excellent and you always have taxis.  the service flaws would be very minor but there are still some things the front desk staff could learn from the four seasons.  the hotel car service to the airport is an extortion in price (275euros each way) and concierge was not helpful in finding reasonably priced options.  i used manu car service and had a mercedes s class for 130 euros each way and also reasonably priced to drive us to some markets and versaille.  you will not be disappointed staying the bristol.
during our recent trip to paris, we enjoyed what research told me would likely be the two best hotels, both very different. le bristol had it all in it's elegance, friendliness, helpfulness of staff, always trying to go one step beyond what would be expected from such a beautiful place.i was amazed at the helpfulness of all of the concierges, the cleaning staff, the front desk, the bar and both restaurants. we loved it all. the location is very central to a street that puts ny's 5th ave to shame. the beds and pillows were so comfortable that i'm trying to replicate the setup at home!we will be back!
very beautiful hotel, and the service was perfect for me! worth the price! the room was very clean, and the location of the hotel was very good, easy to reach any place of interest. and the breakfast of the hotel was nice, too!
stayed here for 2 nights and i had a wonderful time. loved the attention to detail. it's such a romantic place to stay so when your hotel is better than expected with outstanding service then your very happy.would definitely recommend to anybody. will be coming back soon x
it is easy to find this hotel because of its perfect location in paris. our room is lovely with full service. staff is very attentive and accommadating. although, the price was a little high but i had no more to complain 'bout quality of service here. it deserves as no.1 hotel in paris
words cannot express the excellence of hotel le bristol.from the moment we stepped from the taxi in front of the hotel every member of the hotel's superbly trained staff addressed me by name, this was my first visit yet i felt like i was coming home. here attention to detail is as the great hotels of europe were reputed to be run, this is 2014, tradition and quality are alive and well and living in paris at le bristol.
we stayed at hotel le bristol for the first part of our honeymoon, and could not have had a better experience--everything was perfect! it's a stunning building with a lovely courtyard (great place for afternoon tea!), and the rooms are spacious and extremely comfortable. the staff was incredible--helpful, polite, knowledgeable. we felt so welcome from the moment we stepped inside. the 3-michelin-star restaurant (epicure) was absolutely fantastic--delicious, beautiful, elegant. we had a truly perfect paris hotel experience at le bristol!
what a fabulous experience! after a miserable arrival at the train station from munich to paris, where we almost missed two connections with our two young sons and dog in tow, we were greeted at the station with dismissive looks because our dog was not allowed in the taxi (a well groomed, well behaved welsh terrier).  my husband and i were separated.  he took the dog in the metro and i took both children by taxi.  arriving exhausted, dismayed and annoyed at the hotel le bristol, we were warmly welcomed and assisted with our rooms right away.  the staff was helpful and professional in managing us, as i was obviously in a distraught state. i couldn't reach my husband since his sim card didn't seem to be working.  after a few hours of rest in the fabulous rooms with a fantastic view of the eiffel tower, we found that we had reached a state of quiet, luxurious bliss at this hotel. the staff continued their excellent service over the next week.  we were well-treated and met some very congenial and friendly personnel at the casually elegant le jardin. at one point, i met a friendly lady, who escorted me personally to the hair salon.  i later realized she must have been the owner/manager.  le 114 faubourg was fun, the food was quite good.  epicure is an experience!  the rooms were spotless and beautifully appointed.  purchase some bath salts at the spa and enjoy a lovely bath!!  we had such a fabulous time at le bristol, it made paris even more magical.  i even started taking french lessons for our next visit.  in summary, we had a fantastic time!
pure luxury in paris! from the spacious rooms decorated with taste and style...this hotel is simply amazing! perfect location on the sassy rue saint honore in close proximity to everything. one of my highlights was the delicious high tea which l enjoyed in the stunning out door terrace. i chose the sweet option which was opulent and magnificently presented. the lovely people on the table beside me chose the savory option which looked incredible so next time l will try this one. try and see one of the hotels fashion showings during summer whilst enjoying high tea!
hotel le bristol has been the best hotel i have stayed so far in france. it has been an absolutely amazing and comfortable stay. from the front desk to the restaurant everything i came across was perfect and truly a 5 star service. the staff is really worthy of accolade especially when i saw them even washing the tables in the courtyard even during bad weather. i would highly recommend this hotel!
"the hotel was phenomenal. i hadn't been to paris in 20 years (and my budget was a lot more modest then) and seeing it with the bristol as a home base was such a treat. i regret not writing down the names of more staff members as i am writing this review two months after our stay and have forgotten. the front desk and concierge staff were amazing. so genuinely nice and helpful. none of the  attitude and pretension for which paris is so well known. the bristol driver met our train in place and on time when we arrived at gare st. lazare from geneva. he even snapped some photos in the train station for us. we arrived late, so the hotel recommended their own bistro for dinner 114 faubourg. we didn't love it. we found it to be unaccommodating and overpriced. my 13yo son could find nothing on the menu he liked. admittedly, he's a typical ""kid eater."" but they wouldn't even make him an omelette or something of that ilk. were were not able to get into the #1 rated epicure for dinner, even though the staff checked everyday and suggested going through american express, etc. no luck, but we did enjoy breakfast there everyday. it was fabulous and the service was impeccable , even when i knocked over (and broke) a drinking glass. (no worries, happens all the time ... everyone one tried to make me feel better!).the concierge provided perfect directions to every location we wanted and recommended two restaurants we really enjoyed -- guy savoy, which was phenomenal and antoine which was good. the latter did not have nearly the same level of service, though it was a pretty view of the eiffel tower. the service was not friendly or even efficient.other reviewers have done a far better job detailing the pluses here. i just can't say enough about the staff. i was expecting some serious haughtiness. it was just the opposite. we even received a one category upgrade which gave us a lot more room for our son, who slept on the pullout sofa which was make up every evening and folded down every morning without us ever having to ask. we can't wait to return."
wonderful experience, all staff friendly and efficient.  we were treated like royalty and given many little extras. meal in le epicure was superb. the only disappointment of the stay was that the weather was not good enough to breakfast in he delightful garden.     margaret and john kingdom
we spent a weekend at le bristol in paris before traveling to normandy for the commemoration of the 70th anniversary of d-day. from our reception to leaving for normandy, we were treated with the highest regard for our every desire.  although we have stayed in large hotels with more impressive entries, none can compare to the level of luxury and attention of the staff.  lobby furnishings and art work were as grand as versailles. our suite was commodious and elegantly furnished.  the size of the bathroom and its amenities made us think we were in chicago rather than paris.  a u.s. electrical outlet was not only a nice touch, it allowed us to charge our iphones and ipad without concern for frying them.the most memorable aspect of our stay was the attention of the staff. when the reception staff learned we were going to normandy for the d-day commemoration, they treated us with the highest regard.  we could not have been more pleased.
difficult to beat - the great service, peaceful courtyard and decent sized rooms make this a great place to stay. the epicure restaurant is fine as well, but would warn that the dishes are on the heavy side, with generous use of butter. amazing that you can order half-sized portions of many dishes which is well worth it.
had a truly unique and memorable stay at this wonderful parisian hotel. after previous stays at various 4/5 star hotel chains this hotel truly made it's own mark as a hotel of unique character with a clear heritage and culture that massively enhance my paris experience on this visit.  checking in with the elderly parisians with their fur coats and dogs was a real authentically french experience, as was stroking the resident hotel cat each day of our 3 night stay.things we loved:- authentic local culture and atmosphere to hotel (did not feel as formulaic as many 5 star hotel chains often do)- experienced and dedicated hotel staff that took real pride in working for such a major paris institution- classic room style upgraded for modern functionality (luxurious bathrooms with tvs that easily integrated with my ipad music collection etc)- great pool and spa area with real character, clearly an all weather pool experience and kid friendly- cool hotel bar area with great service. clearly a bar to be seen at with plenty of non-guests visiting before dinner and hotel guests treated particularly well. loved the big screens with views of louvre gardensthings to improve on:- despite upgrade of technology/tv in room and space/standard for bathroom still a more basic set up than i'd expect at this price-point with mo/ritz carlton/shrangri-la- restaurant for breakfast and lunch lacked the special attention and class of other hotels at this service level, lacked any signature michelin star restaurant
we have been staying with my father in the south of france and he treated us to a long weekend in paris .  what a wonderful hotel this is a true 5 star.  the rooms are clean and ample size, beds comfortable .  when we ate in the hotel the food was of the highest standard .  the staff at all levels were true professionals.  we felt welcomed with the children, i hope i revisit this hotel!! on my birthday wish list for next year!
we spent 2 nights here and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. the hotel was extremely clean, the staff always helpful. although the pool was small, we still had a great time in it.the room itself was great. very clean, modern and comfortable. we booked superior room which is huge big and has everything what you need. ( i guess room was around 300 sq. ft. )the customer service is also outstanding. from the valet staff, to the front desk, to housekeeping, we could not have asked for more.we loved the breakfast every morning.you must try 114 faubourg which received michelin star in 2013. however, if you want a luxury stay commensurate with any of the other high-end hotel chains, this is a great choice. we plan to stay again next time we go to paris.we loved...
as a regular guest, i can only compliment the whole staff and management for their incredibly high standard of excellence. this is no doubt one of the finest places with beautiful rooms, exquisite restaurants and a spa and pool out of this world. certainly not cheap but definitely worth it.
having found ourselves housed here after some difficult circumstances in another hotel, i have to comment on how impeccably we were treated. they found us two beautiful, spacious rooms close to one another and bent over backwards to make us feel welcome.  we particularly enjoyed the quiet pool on the sixth floor with the delightful views of the city rooftops. the concierge were incredibly happy to assist. it is a shame we weren't able to sample the restaurant, due to summer renovations, but the hotel made some delightful reservations elsewhere for us.  this hotel is old school glamour and style, and we had a delightful stay. our kids were as welcome as us and we'd love to think we'll visit again. yes, it's very pricey if you want to eat or drink there, but the environment and service is something special.
"service and management are the main strenghts of this hotel. not that arrogant as f. ex. the hotel george v people. decoration and architecture is unassuming elegant and ""a bit industrial"", but luxury and style is guaranteed. prices are horribly expensive but comparable to others in that price range. still, if i pay 10 eur for a glass of water while in ""a little bar around the corner"" i get it for free if i order something else, my scottish blood starts to kick in.....anyways,  a quiet, elegant luxury hotel ideal for business trips to paris"
did not stay at hotel, but could not of been treated better.first evening at the bar, max the head barman introduced himself to us and could not of been more professional and cordial.the surroundings are beautiful , including the cat wandering around!will be back soon!
we spent one night here in may.we had a suite which was very spacious and beautifully presented. the room was on the front of the hotel.this is an expensive hotel where cost should not be a consideration. it is about quality and service. on these two issues i could not find fault. every detail was looked after. beds were the most comfortable on our six week trip. all the linen was of the highest quality. the bathroom produces were parie. finding an english tv station was so easy. the check in and concierge service were also impeccable. we found everybody to be friendly and extremely helpful. the décor was also impeccable. the location is also great with the shops within easy walking distance. despite being on the front of the hotel our room was very quiet.making a reservation was easy on the net and my request for a table at epicure handled without a hitch.there were some renovations going on but they did not affect us.everybody spoke good english which was great as we are aussies. french is not a language we learn.i cannot fault anything during our stay. looking at recent negative comments and from my experience cannot understand that the staff were racist.  they were always attentive and extremely friendly. the only negative comment i could make is about the business centre. it is normal you would have a business centre in a top hotel. it is important you can do some emails or book in for a flight and print your ticket. here you have to get a mouse from one of the desks then log in so they can bill you for internet usage. this is a first for me.
my wife and i have stayed at several other top hotels in paris. we keep coming back to this one. great service, from check-in, room service, restaurant and concierge. my wife thinks this is the best hotel in paris if you plan to shop. the neighborhood has numerous luxury shops. i have found it to be quite central, including walking to st. germain or to most popular sights. we prefer this location to the highly commercialized, busy and somewhat tacky parts of champ elysee area.
my husband and i are still talking about our experience at le bristol. we arrived in paris jet lagged (of course) around breakfast time to this amazing palace.  as we entered, we noticed a beautiful white fluffy kitty with flame point ears lounging on the newel post in the entry -- he added some serious glam! (a few days later, we saw some adults were chasing him and trying to keep him in captivity so they could pet him!) once we were checked in, jeremy and geraldine whisked us away to the lovely  neoclassical style sitting room for a few croissants, brioche, fresh juice and coffee to relax while our room was getting prepped. the sitting room was full of beautiful seating, colors and the high ceilings and the light just poured through the room -  magnificent!they led us to our room. we opened the door and there among the juliette balcony adorned with flowers and greenery was a view of the eiffle tower! there was a hand written note with sparking water and fresh figs beautifully displayed on a tray. the room was fairly large in comparison to other european hotels. there was a king size bed with a sofa, desk and vanity. the bathroom was huge with all white marble floors, dual sinks complete with a killer hair dyer, hermes soap, toilet, bidet, shower and bath. they also had adapters for us to use.now for the bar, just go- you must! it's a glamorous mix of beautiful tapestries, mirrors, upholstered wing chairs, sofas, fireplace- then there is someone spinning music but not in an obnoxious clubby way ...the perfect mix. we had champagne and they brought us dark and milk chocolates. the bathrooms down the hall have amazing recessed curved doors and are automatic. cool the service here at the hotel was fabulous. what an amazing start to our trip. the only downside to staying here was that it made our other hotel accommodations on our european venture seem just average! j'adore tu le bristol!! see you again on another special occasion!!
i am at a loss of words to describe how le bristol impressed us from the moment we crossed the hotel doors... we encountered the most thoughtful, respectful service from everyone we saw, bellmen, receptionist, at breakfast.... this really made a difference for us, everyone remembered my family and even my name, even if i did not check-in... our room was absolutely beautiful - in soothing lilac tones, with beautiful textiles and attention to details. the flower arrangements are exquisite throughout the hotel premises. even on a busy weekend, we felt like we could unwind and relax in the plush common area. you are transported in time. it is absolutely worth it, and i would not think twice about going there again. it is not only for the great food, beautiful setting, but mostly for their attention to detail which impressed us.
it was sooo good! i had so much fun during my stay there... there was soo much to do as well as a large choice of good and great staff! if i could live there i would haha it definitely deserves 5 stars... maybe more!
our family took easter vacation in paris (4/12-19/2014).  our stay at the le bristol was just amazing.  the staff were so friendly and so eager to help.  doesn't matter what time of the day we go down, there were so many staff always waiting to help you with smile on their faces.  the hotel was so clean and nothing was out of place.  our rooms were very spacious and decorated with different color theme and pretty fresh flowers.  the restaurant was so beautiful, it looked like came out of picture book.  the food was excellent.i will give two thumbs up!
this place is beautiful. i live in paris and we go to get away every time we can. best hotel in paris is mentioned so many times here and i can tell you it is. the rooms are elegant. the food and service are amazing and it it worth the price.
this is one of the top hotels in this area and we decided, as a treat to go in for a drink. we knew it was going to be expensive but i think it was value. the barman greets you, takes you to a table and offers a selection of chocolates and a small aperitif prior to ordering.beckham stayed here while with psg.plush surroundings and very classy. but bring a thick wallet.
without doubt this is the best hotel i've ever stayed in. nothing was too much trouble. this hotel simply exudes first class service, luxury, calm.  everything is done superbly. the location, room, décor, food & service were second to none. expensive?  yes, but justifiably so.  for a special treat, which it was, this hotel is unbeatable. the room service breakfast was delicious, the food in the three michelin star restaurant was the best i've ever eaten and the service is just impeccable. i felt like royalty. nothing was too much trouble. even the check out experience was fantastic. this hotel exudes luxury. i really hope i can go back again - soon!
"gorgeous palace, beautiful decor but most importantly amazing staff. a must-see is the bar at the bristol where the warmth of the staff is unbeatable and the cocktails are to die for. the bristol bar has stolen former ritz stars roman and aurélie who bring ""the"" golden touch to this place!"
i was lucky enough to stay in this hotel with a friend who had been upgraded to a junior suite. my stay was brief but great, the service was impecable and the food/drinks were perfect. the cocktails in the bar were especially good. the design and style of the hotel could be described as a little chintzy, but it really could be anymore parisian if it tried. the location was perfect for sightseeing and shopping. i didnt get chance to visit the pool or spa, but they looked very appealling. i would love to go back and would definitely reccomend it to anyone! ps, try and spot the resident cat, its gorgeous and very well looked after!
i stayed in a junior suite for three nights in early january 2014.  it's hard to imagine improving on this room.  everything was pristine and of the highest quality.  and unlike what you get at some of the luxury chains (e.g. mandarin oriental), the room doesn't look like it could show up in a luxury hotel in any other city.  the room is a perfect example of parisian charm.  it has subtle floral patterns, an old world feel, and it gets a lot of light from the two huge windows.   if you're choosing among the luxury hotels of paris (all of which are in a similar location), i don't think you could go wrong staying here.
was expecting a great experience at this hotel and wasn't disappointed. we were three female friends together who should have been four but one dropped out from illness. this left one to spend a night on her own in a similar room. the staff were superb and couldn't do enough for us anticipating our every need. this is a seriously luxurious hotel at serious prices. the accommodation was magnificent but the bedroom was at the front on the main saint honore and as  i am a difficult sleeper, would have like a quieter room at the back of the hotel. this is only nit picking as it is a truly wonderful hotel and we shall be back again in september
lovely. well located.  not too big.  service superior.  great restaurant   lovely rooms. the only drawback is expense. paris expensive anyway but exchange rate makes it tough on american visitors.  that being said, returning shortly for another splurge.  enjoy!
one of the 10 palaces in paris. it has one of the best locations. the best restaurant. the service is wonderful and the rooms very very nice. i recommend every one who can afford this hotel ,to try it at least one time and to feel the difference with other hotels.
amazing from start to finish. check-in was easy and then we got a tour from waleed. he showed us all around the restaurants, gave some history and really made us feel welcome. he really got the stay started off wonderfully. room was amazing. so clean with amazing views of eiffel tower. breakfast was the only meal we had at the hotel and we very much enjoyed it. oh, and they had one of our favorite movies playing for free on the tv (midnight in paris). the movie features the le bristol so that was exciting to watch again while enjoying our room service. thank you to all the staff who made our stay so wonderful. i didn't know this kind of service existed in paris!
we had a four hour lunch--no drinks--and enjoyed every minute.  there are at least two restaurants but this was the one with stars.  the 3 course lunch was 130 e but of course there were many nibbles.  you can also just order by the dish.  it was a lovely day and people were outside at less expensive fare.  i really enjoyed it.
the bristol is superb, there is no other way to put it, and absolutely as you would expect from the price.  the rooms are beautifully appointed, and everywhere from the lobby to the bar full of attentive staff.  this has to be one of, if not, the best hotels in paris.  with so many of the 5* paris hotels closed for refurbishment if you want to treat yourself here you had better book well in advance.  two things to mention, they gym is well equipped but quite small, and the hotel is under lifted, so you may have to wait a moment.  that being said, who cares, to stay in a place like this?
i have stayed at many paris hotels, le meurice, plaza athenee, georges v, etc and le bristol is, by far, my favorite paris hotel.  the rooms are beautifully decorated and appointed with nice amenities.  the restaurants are wonderful and the public areas are gorgeous and inviting.  le jardin francais is one of my favorite places to have breakfast.  it's cozy, the food is simple and delicious and a great way to start your day.what i love most about the hotel is the service.  they truly make you feel welcome and their service is the best.  during a stay last may, my husband and i rented a car and the gps was not functioning properly and given our trip to brittany and normandy, we really could not do without it.  the doorman, valet and the concierge all had a go at it and finally, after they all attempted to make it work, the concierge located the manager of the rental car agency and convinced her to go into the office (it was 7:45 am on a saturday) to replace our car.  we were so grateful for this service - it was truly above and beyond.  they were so kind to us.  another favorite thing of mine is fa-raon, the hotel's birman cat.  j'adore fa-raon!!!!!!during the past year, i've stayed at the bristol 3 times, twice with my husband and once by myself and will be there again in less than 3 weeks.
"from the moment we walked up to the front door to the moment we sat in our seats we met 6 staff.  service is over the top and they make everyone feel important.  we actually looked damn good so they possibly thought we were ""somebody"".  the wine room/bar is sumptuous, inviting and expensive.  two glasses of wine ran us 54e and i made my 20 yr old son go slow on it.  the room filled up with people of significant means or at least they looked the part.  a great place to people watch.  expensive but worth it if only for a glass of wine.  staff were superb."
the recent addition to the hotel is the new bar a very nice cozy room intime. atmosphere ,the hotel personal service .nice rooms and very good  food offered in all the restaurants of the hotel makes it a very attractive place in paris. it's upper class luxuriously place prices are in line with level
our stay at le bristol was, quite simply, amazing. from the moment our driver met us as we exited our flight and swept us through immigration, to the moment we were warmly greeted with our room ready and prepped every moment has been amazing.  the hotel and staff do a fabulous job of presenting a luxury property with five star service all while making you feel extremely comfortable and right at home.our room (161) faced the rue du faubourg saint honore and has a fabulous view. the room was a fabulous size as was the bathroom. it was decorated beautifully and everything was perfect. the hotel staff continuously impressed. the concierge staff assisted us with a variety of reservations -- all spectacular.we had what was perhaps the best meal i can recall over the past number of years at the michelin starred epicure. our party of 5 each had the most memorable time not only because the food was amazing but the service was as well. diego (our main server) and his descriptions of our dishes will not be forgotten. we also loved the pool (although the hamman was being serviced during our stay).the price is not inexpensive but it was worth every penny for a most memorable experience!
i took a four day romantic weekend trip to paris from michigan and decided to stay at le bristol because of the luxury rating, the location and the fact that midnight in paris was filmed here. the hotel was exceptionally clean and beautifully decorated, well located and every staff member was almost subservient with their service. we had originally tried to get a dinner reservation prior to arriving in paris at the hotel but there was no availability. upon arrival in france, my luggage was lost and i had no clothing. the concierge called up to my room and offered to accommodate us at the fine dining hotel restaurant and said that whatever i wore was fine.  they assisted me in every way with my air france lost luggage tracking. it is a very expensive hotel but worth the price if you are looking for something exceptional.i would recommend this hotel highly!
le bristol is really a fantastic property and so deserves its palace status in paris.  so often hotels may have all the window dressing of a five star but the service lets them down - absolutely not so here where all members of staff made you so very welcome in the truly wonderful surroundings. i am also very fond of their cat fa-raon - such a lovely 'homely' touch!  i stayed just before christmas and the hotel was beautifully decorated and had a wonderful festive atmosphere - highly recommended.
we recently stayed at le bristol for 4 nights for my husband's 60th birthday treat. the whole experience was delightful - friendly, attentive staff who went the extra mile to make the occasion special and memorable. the hotel is beautiful and attention to detail is impeccable. i would thoroughly recommend le bristol as a very special base in paris.
i came to paris this summer for the fourth time and was not really looking forward to it as i had been disappointed by all my previous trips (save for the first, but that was when i was a little girl and the eiffel captured me). what a joy to finally fall in love with a city that deserved every bit of your affection and one of the main reasons was thanks to this hotel. perfect location, excellent service, comfortable, spacey rooms, and the novelty of having a beautiful cat as your mascot won me at all levels. one of the best stays of my life. i travelled with my young nephews and the hotel staff was very kind and helpful to them. pricey, but you get what you pay for!
its been awhile but i cant help but remember my fond memories of my surprise stay orchestrated by my husband for my 50th birthday this summer.  absolutely everything is perfect here from the staff, the gorgeous suite we stayed in, the chocolate cake in our room arrival and the blissful four hand massage at their praire spa.  guys/gals looking for a special present for that special person you just cant go wrong here.  and for those of you you blessed to stay longer than just one night god bless you :)the three star michelin to die for (prices go with the stars so be ready) i loved tea in the salon and cant wait to go back to paris to check out their new barmerci a tous pour un séjour très très agréable
having stayed at all of the best hotels in paris, the bristol became my regular paris hotel several years ago, and it keeps getting even better.  my most recent stay there, the week before last, was my best.  the service is excellent and friendly, and my room was magnificent.  i had a number of difficult requests of the concierges, who they handled them with a smile, quickly and without any hitch.  like all of the top paris hotels, the bristol is expensive, but unlike its competitors, the bristol delivers value for the money and is worth it. the rooms and the public areas are beautiful, and its locaton is as good as it gets.
if you have the opportunity to stay at this hotel, it will exceed your expectations. the beauty of the inner courtyard, the elegance of the lobby, the grandness of the entire hotel cannot be appreciated in the photos. there is a feeling at this hotel that leaves you planning your next visit...it is so sublimely paris. the location is perfection, we walked everywhere. the staff was so friendly, greeting us by name from the minute we arrived, and taking care of every possible need - reservations, tickets, recommendations, etc. they take pride in their property and went above and beyond to take care of us. the food in the garden is very expensive, but probably one of the most relaxing elegant meals i have ever had. you can eat in the more casual section and enjoy the same view. enjoy...i felt like a princess here, and you will too...
great hotel. fantastic accommodation. service generally great, but not at breakfast which is a let down.   location unparalleled and food exquisite.  great new bar too and outstanding cocktails. good for business meetings too.
stayed only for one night during a recent trip to paris. as you step into the hotel and greeted so warmly by the staff you know this is a special hotel. our room wasn't ready but we arrived really early during fashion week and the hotel was full. we waited and had coffee and a basket of breakfast breads in the bar, gorgeous but i don't imagine many of the models staying their that week would have tried them! our room was elegant and spacious with great views and the bathroom was very large. we ate that evening in 114 faubourg the hotels restaraunt, really great food and attentive service but not a hint of stuffiness that you so often get in good restaurants. the staff were excellent as was the food. had a few drinks in the new bar which is definitely the place to be seen and without doubt a great place to people watch over a few drinks. all in all this was a fantastic hotel, expensive but well worth it.
hotel le bristol is like a second home to me. i stay here with my family every christmas time and we continue to come back year after year. the hotel is stunning, the staff is not only attentive and courteous, but they continue to go above and beyond what one would expect from a leading hotel of the world. the location is perfect, just a short walk to the champs/madeleine etc. there is a lovely fitness center and a beautiful pool on the hotel roof. i love everything about le bristol hotel and couldn't recommend it enough !
we enjoyed our stay at hotel le bristol- excellent, helpful staff. we stayed in the family suite. it was very nice, clean and posh. the balcony was great to have. bathroom shower was a poor design. all in all we would definately go back- excellent location too!
this was our first trip to europe and the staff was outstanding.  they were very helpful and treated us with respect and courtesy.  the language was not even close to being a problem.  from the hotel, to the pool, to the massages they made our stay one we will never forget.
five star++.  there is nothing lacking at le bristol.  this hotel is classy and cozy!  the building itself and the rooms are beautiful.  the staff are just wonderful.  nathalie the customer relations person in particular really made us feel welcome and comfortable, as did every single other staff member. we stayed for 6 night in september.  epicure on the night of our anniversary was a once in a lifetime meal - and upon returning to our room we found rose petals in the shape of a heart on our bed!  my wife and i highly recommend le bristol and will be sure to return on our next visit to paris.
great location, great stuff, great food, what do you need more? hotel bristol turned to be the best hotel we ever stayed. this is a very nice luxury hotel which deserves its 5 stars review. room was great, stuff were so helpful and the food in their epicur was just perfect. all together we stayed 6 nights and we loved it.
my husband and i just returned from our first trip to paris and we visited hotel le bristol while there. although we were not guests of the hotel we had dinner there one night at one of their restaurants. we had made reservations at 114 faubourg through our hotel, or so we had thought. when we arrived we were greeted warmly but shortly understood that in fact no reservation had been made for us! feeling foolish we were prepared to leave but the gentleman behind the desk was able to secure us a table anyway and even escorted us to the dining room. along the way we chatted and were even introduced to the hotel cat! the staff at this hotel was so friendly and accommodating to us that i will absolutely stay there next time i go to paris. they turned what could have been a sad and embarrassing evening into a memorable night in paris. thanks hotel le bristol!!
"amazing 3 days i spent in paris in hotel le bristol. hotel location, service and looks conform with 5 stars, it has. you can't sent ""aristocratical coldness"", as it is common in lots of 5 star hotels, only warm feeling. nice touch was their famous 3 michelin stars chef's birthday cake in my room as i arrived. also little present in restaurant i had my dinner - red rose.restaurant is amazing, tho you can feel pride of waiters, which is actually nice and gives your right sent of paris. when they serve food they do it very precise and it is like a little show. (art of food is my love). of course prices are high, as it is best chef in france (that was what i was told). definitely will visit this hotel again.au revoir!"
staff was friendly, warm, cordial including manager, concierge, maids and patrice maitre d at epicure who made our meal very special and memorable. the service was excellent. a fork was dropped on the floor and picked up in 10 seconds and replaced in 20! we have stayed in many fine hotels in the world and this is one of the tops. doc and suz
this year we stayed in bristol for the new year. the rooms were quite nice and quite cozy, with the view of the eiffel tower. this was especially good. the concierges were very helpful, helping us to fulfill our complex demands. the service in the rooms was quite nice and helpful too.however, there were some considerable flaws in the performance of the hotel.for example, breakfast was very poorly organized. all the guests, even those being in a hurry, were entitled to quite a lengthy wait for even such simple courses as eggs. but, the overall quality of food was quite good.another flaw, which is even more far-reaching is the loads of people everywhere. usually, the lobbies of the 5-star hotels are nearly empty or filled with respectable-looking people in evening attire. in bristol, however, there're crowds of people in the lobby, wearing very casual clothing and talking loudly... this completely destroys a sense of respectability of such a luxury hotel...the new year's eve, which was the main point of our trip was very poorly organized. the service was slow... in the emails from the hotel we were promised music and entertainment in the course of dinner and the surprise from a 3-star michelin chef. what we got instead was: a jazz band who sang one horrible long son and then left forever. there was no entertainment whatsoever, so even when the countdown finished the music was not live, but from the loudspeakers... the food was barely eatable and when some guests went to dance, those who stayed in the restaurant were completely forgotten and weren't served the dessert trolley.on the whole, our experience was ruined by the new year's eve, if this would have been even a tiny bit better we could have given this hotel a steady 5-rating,
peter & were looking forward to our two-night stay at 'le bristol'. it was our first visit to paris for many years, and peter's health has recently been very poor, but we were determined to make it - and we did. and what a beautiful time we had! our room had its own sitting-room area and was luxurious and comfortable - a great place to recouperate after a concert visit, dinner out, and an exhibition. our entertainment was arranged for us by dominique, who was  tremendously helpful.  all the staff we encountered were very pleasant, adding to our enjoyment.  personally, i loved the pool with its cruise-liner theme, sundeck and abundance of deep-pile towels and had a swim there both mornings before breakfast. lastly, a word of thanks to stephanie noelle who helped to make our unforgettable stay at le bristol possible! au revoir! ruth & peter
"had another great stay at le bristol, in fact the best yet.  the new dinning area incorporating the winter and summer room works very well ""epicure"". the overall level of the hospitality has reached a new level from my experience...from front desk, to concierge to room service all was exceptional. i believe this is the best hotel in paris. regardsbrian evans"
i treated my husband to two nights at le bristol as a birthday present.  what a way to both give and receive!  we were upgraded to a junior suite which was huge.  a small foyer, generous sitting room and a very large bedroom.  lots of closet space.  two tvs.  very large bathroom with every amenity.  fresh flowers changed daily.   all this is expected in a five-star, of course.  what made the difference for me was the level of personal attention.  each member of the staff treated us as if we were visiting dignitaries.  i laughed when i found my nightgown, which i had left on the hook in the bathrrom, hung on a padded hanger on the back of the door; then found it laid out on the bed at turn-down time.  on july 4th we found a bottle of very good champagne in our room with a lovely note commemorating the french-american alliance.  we were also invited to a cocktail party where we met other guests and enjoyed more champagne and delectable canapes.  i had no problem booking dinner reservations a couple of weeks in advance for epicure and last-minute at 114 faubourg, their more casual restaurant.  we were remembered from one day to the next and service was flawless.  we had no problem with room service for breakfast.  on our last day we lingered and read in the breezeway overlooking the beautiful garden. i had the most incredible pot of hot chocolate.  imagine the best possible quality chocolate, melted with just a hint of sugar and then mixed with warm cream.  absolute heaven for chocoholics.  we had a late afternoon train to rheims and asked for a taxi to be called for 3:30.  upon arriving in the lobby for departure, we found the taxi waiting, our bags being loaded and the manager of the hotel bidding us adieu with bottles of water for the trip.  i considered the ritz, hotel crillon, and georges v, but i will always return to le bristol paris.
even though in a good location, it is the the most perfect location.  the hotel is excellent, with attentive staff and great rooms; but nothing, in my opinion, beats the plaza athenee for all good things parisian.  it has a better location and the courtyard is unbeatable.  the bristol is right up there, though, and nothing to be sneezed at--if you have the money.
i have stayed in several paris hotels & this is quite simply the best. beautiful spotless room, without a mark or a blemish, ample closet space. spacious bathroom with separate shower (sight quibble here as it leaked a little onto floor) the public rooms are beautiful. breakfast in the 'epicure' restaurant on a rare sunny july morning was a divine experience, the regular breakfast in the bar is very good too. what really sets le bristol apart is the service! the staff are wonderful! polite, curteous, helpful, they simply cannot do enough to make your stay a special one!
when you stay at an extremely expensive hotel like hotel le bristol, you expect the great service and the beautiful decor and the delicious food, and the hotel certainly did not disappoint in this respect. i was traveling on business with a delegation including successful businessmen and diplomats, so we were greeted with great respect. however, i was sharing a room with one of the ladies in the delegation (in hopes that it would help us get to know each other better), and the hotel was only able to provide one key to the room. this was a little problematic for us because at the end of the night, we were separated, and i couldn't get in! i had to ask a staff member to open the door, which was frankly a little uncomfortable for me at 1am as a young female in a very quiet, large, empty hallway. also, as i mentioned, i was on business and i needed desperately to have access to the internet to check my emails. the hotel le bristol requires that you pay for wi-fi, which was extremely disappointing, and i recall it being outrageously expensive, so i ended up using skype wi-fi to get a cheaper rate for the internet and just paid by the minute.note: since i couldn't remember exactly how much the internet cost, i searched on the hotel's website and found that they list the cost of internet at 21 euro/per day. there is a business center available, but there isn't anything as convenient as being able to use my personal computer.with that said, the hotel is unquestionably beautiful, well-located, and has great service.
probably the best hotel in paris, the staff is helpful,  discreet and not snobbish. the inner garden is simply beautiful and the two restaurants (a brasserie and a 3 stars) serve great food (obviously, not at a discount price).the best rooms are located in the 'residence' (numbered 900's). if you can afford, ask for a terrace suite.the bristol is ideally located within walking distance from le louvre, les champs-elysées, etc.for a change, have your breakfast in a nearby 'bistro'  (for example avenue de matignon or rue jean mermoz) and ask for the traditional 'café noir et croissant'.
le bristol is really an exquisite place to stay in paris. whether on business or for a romantic weekend, location cannot be more convenient, the rooms have been tastefully renovated and are full of classic french furniture, marble bathrooms and amenities are gorgeous. never tried the spa but the gym is gorgeous and the pool, although small, is very nice for a little bit of relaxation after an exhausting day.in my opinion, the detail that makes all the difference is personal attention and dedication of staff. i have always been staying in the first category of rooms, but - unlike other palaces in paris - i have always received full attention and care from them. never arrogant, never 'nouveau riche', always genuily welcoming! after more than 10 stays, i am still positively surprised by consistency in their training as it is something i noticed at every single stay. each of them is going the extra mile, as if they were happy to welcome you at their own home, and it gives a very special touch to your stay. thank you to all of them for making each of my stay a special and relaxing time.
this was our first stay at le bristol and it well exceeded our expectations.  the hotel is beautiful in an understated, elegant style.  the rooms and bathrooms were very spacious; the beds were terrific.  every member of the staff was friendly and welcoming--in a very sincere way.  you really felt as though you were being invited into someone's home.excusions and drivers were set up with almost no advance notice and the availability of museum tickets made visiting many of the more popular exhibits quite easy.we have stayed at other 5 star hotels in paris, but the bristol is head and shoulders above the others.i agree with earlier comments about wifi.  i would prefer to have it in the room charge.bravo--and a big thank you to the entire team at the hotel.
a beautiful hotel, with impeciable service.  our junior suite was both very grand and grande (large!)   what amazed me most was how welcoming the staff made young guests feel which is not always the case with hotels of such magnitude, a childs every need was catered for so familes looking for a luxury hotel will enjoy this hotel. it is just a short walk to champs elysees and we walked to the eiffel tower from here taking in all the other sights along the way.
brijesh kotecha booked an weekend stay because of the fantastic reviews on trip adviser, it met and exceeded our expectations. this is definitely the place to stay in paris. amazing rooms, super staff, nothing too much trouble. would definitely recommend to anyone and am looking forward to a return visit.brijesh kotecha
we cannot praise this hotel and their staff highly enough.we were treated wonderfully from the moment we arrived.everyone spoke english and just made us feel as though we were their only concern.my husband was celebrating his birthday and after a busy day sightseeing we returned to our suite and there was a beautiful chocolate cake and a letter of congratulations there.we would certainly love to return given half a chance.it is these little gestures that make a great break memorable.thank you le bristol.ps.....stunning decor and gardens...and food....
multi languages spoken by all the staff, super nice, courteous and accommodating
everything was so well maintained and well kept. the rooms were great, and every nice. it was worth every penny.
wonderful service. great concierges. exactly all one should expect from a world class hotel.
very french experience, staff was amazing.stayed in a suite on the top level, some of the rooms where like being in an attic, however the views where superb, eiffel tower views as we asked.position was great for walking to all the brand shops, prada, hermes, chopard etc etcwas a great 5 days in paris at the beginning of our honeymoon.
we loved our stay at this hotel. it's very intimate with all the staff that consistently warmly greet guests. the bathroom in the room was superb and the furnishings very nice. room was immaculately maintained. there were no paint chips, frayed fabrics, etc. the room itself was very spacious and well laid out. we were welcomed with a great fruit platter in the sitting area. the concierge did a wonderful job helping me plan reservations prior to arriving via email. we were able to eat everywhere we wanted. the hotel's 3 star restaurant was wonderful and we received wonderful service there. the hotel helped me plan a beautiful flower display with their in house florists for when we returned to the room after the proposal. the room already had a beautiful display so my fiancé was really amazed by all the flowers. they also made us a wonderful chocolate cake covered with gold flakes as a treat to have when we came back. we ate at the plaza athenee and thought it was certainly very nice but preferred to come back to le bristol - it was much more intimate, fewer tourists passing through and even more incredibly maintained. the only fault - i agree with the others that the 21 eur wifi charge is unreasonable. overall the hotel did a wonderful job helping us make some amazing memories and we would certainly stay here again on our next trip to paris.
"from the minute we walked into this door, we felt like royalty. the staff at the reception was so friendly, the guest services manager wonderful and kind, and since we arrived early, for our 3 pm check in, they escorted us to the bar, we relaxed there, till our room was ready 30 min later. i felt that i was being greeted by family rather than the staff at a hotel, it was that warm their welcome!the room, was a suite, #994/995, an apartment, with an outdoor terrace. it was spectacular with views of the garden below, it felt just like home. though the hotel is a palace hotel, the rooms were not over the top, they were actually very tastefully done , bathrooms were totally renovated and state of the art with tubs and shower, 2 seperate toilets.all the rooms in the hotel were very refined, very understand luxury, but beautiful. the concierge at this hotel was top notch, helping me secure reservations for my much awaited meal at frenchie and agape substance ( more on that later).midnight in paris was also filmed here, i got to see that room too.they have a 3 star michelin restaurant, ""le restaurant gastronomique"" which is moving to be facing the garden, and their 2nd restaurant 114 le faubourg, serves some delicious food in a bright, eye popping setting."
excellent hotel very attentive staff. some renovation going on impeded our arrival but overall one of the best hotels.
a beautiful hotel, with impeciable service.  our junior suite was both very grand and grande (large!)   what amazed me most was how welcoming the staff made young guests feel which is not always the case with hotels of such magnitude, a childs every need was catered for so familes looking for a luxury hotel will enjoy this hotel. it is just a short walk to champs elysees and we walked to the eiffel tower from here taking in all the other sights along the way.
brijesh kotecha booked an weekend stay because of the fantastic reviews on trip adviser, it met and exceeded our expectations. this is definitely the place to stay in paris. amazing rooms, super staff, nothing too much trouble. would definitely recommend to anyone and am looking forward to a return visit.brijesh kotecha
we cannot praise this hotel and their staff highly enough.we were treated wonderfully from the moment we arrived.everyone spoke english and just made us feel as though we were their only concern.my husband was celebrating his birthday and after a busy day sightseeing we returned to our suite and there was a beautiful chocolate cake and a letter of congratulations there.we would certainly love to return given half a chance.it is these little gestures that make a great break memorable.thank you le bristol.ps.....stunning decor and gardens...and food....
multi languages spoken by all the staff, super nice, courteous and accommodating
everything was so well maintained and well kept. the rooms were great, and every nice. it was worth every penny.
wonderful service. great concierges. exactly all one should expect from a world class hotel.
very french experience, staff was amazing.stayed in a suite on the top level, some of the rooms where like being in an attic, however the views where superb, eiffel tower views as we asked.position was great for walking to all the brand shops, prada, hermes, chopard etc etcwas a great 5 days in paris at the beginning of our honeymoon.
we loved our stay at this hotel. it's very intimate with all the staff that consistently warmly greet guests. the bathroom in the room was superb and the furnishings very nice. room was immaculately maintained. there were no paint chips, frayed fabrics, etc. the room itself was very spacious and well laid out. we were welcomed with a great fruit platter in the sitting area. the concierge did a wonderful job helping me plan reservations prior to arriving via email. we were able to eat everywhere we wanted. the hotel's 3 star restaurant was wonderful and we received wonderful service there. the hotel helped me plan a beautiful flower display with their in house florists for when we returned to the room after the proposal. the room already had a beautiful display so my fiancé was really amazed by all the flowers. they also made us a wonderful chocolate cake covered with gold flakes as a treat to have when we came back. we ate at the plaza athenee and thought it was certainly very nice but preferred to come back to le bristol - it was much more intimate, fewer tourists passing through and even more incredibly maintained. the only fault - i agree with the others that the 21 eur wifi charge is unreasonable. overall the hotel did a wonderful job helping us make some amazing memories and we would certainly stay here again on our next trip to paris.
"from the minute we walked into this door, we felt like royalty. the staff at the reception was so friendly, the guest services manager wonderful and kind, and since we arrived early, for our 3 pm check in, they escorted us to the bar, we relaxed there, till our room was ready 30 min later. i felt that i was being greeted by family rather than the staff at a hotel, it was that warm their welcome!the room, was a suite, #994/995, an apartment, with an outdoor terrace. it was spectacular with views of the garden below, it felt just like home. though the hotel is a palace hotel, the rooms were not over the top, they were actually very tastefully done , bathrooms were totally renovated and state of the art with tubs and shower, 2 seperate toilets.all the rooms in the hotel were very refined, very understand luxury, but beautiful. the concierge at this hotel was top notch, helping me secure reservations for my much awaited meal at frenchie and agape substance ( more on that later).midnight in paris was also filmed here, i got to see that room too.they have a 3 star michelin restaurant, ""le restaurant gastronomique"" which is moving to be facing the garden, and their 2nd restaurant 114 le faubourg, serves some delicious food in a bright, eye popping setting."
excellent hotel very attentive staff. some renovation going on impeded our arrival but overall one of the best hotels.
warm, friendly and caring atmosphere.  great location.  i will certainly return.
this 5 star hotel is a real gem.  opulance is in abundance and, whilst situated in a fairly quiet road, its very well situated for all of the attractions that the wonderful city of paris offers.  one of the best breakfasts that we have ever tasted.
amazing, beautiful, magical, take my breath away place.  this is everything you could ever hope for in a paris hotel.  i won't write some massive review cause there are hundreds to help you get specifics, but every single aspect of the bristol was perfect.
just for another short business trip the bristol is good. the staff could be more friendly and speak a bit better english. but maybe i just have to get used to that accent. the hotel is charming and i felt good to be here.
my girlfriends and i spent christmas week in paris and stayed at the le bristol. the staff were very friendly. when we checked in, the staff gave us a very detailed tour of the hotel. we arrived at 10 am, hours before the hotel's standard check-in but they were still very accommodating and let us in to our rooms early. because i was with 2 other girls, the staff reconfigured the suite to accommodate 3 twins beds. our first evening there, our room felt a little too cold despite turning up the heat. i called downstairs and an engineer came within minutes and fixed the problem. we thoroughly enjoyed the hotel and all its amenities, including the indoor pool. we ate at their 3 michelin star restaurant and although i'm not a foodie, i definitely enjoyed my experience of the multi-course meal there. the hotel is also located in a very central location. we could walk to champs elysees within minutes and all the great shopping were nearby on st. honore.so all in all, my friends and i had a wonderful time. the only bad glitch was on our last evening there, we went to the business center to check our flight status. when we walked in, there was a staff person there and immediately she asked me if i was a guest at the hotel. when i said yes, she asked for my room number. i don't know if she thought i was a random person who just walked in from the streets but i was a little taken aback by her approach. besides this woman, all the other staff were super friendly, knowledgeable, and helpful so i would definitely stay here again.
we have been coming to paris for over 40 years and have stayed at a variety of upscale boutique and grand hotels on both the right and left banks. until staying at le bristol, we had not found one to which we wanted to return. but le bristol stood out. outstanding service by the concierges for a variety of large and small requests. the front desk, food (delightfully decorated michelin 3 star restaurant), decor (recently completely refurbished with the addition of a new wing), outdoor gardens/dining, and location were perfect. le bristol met our very high standards in every way. we had planned to stay at le bristol at the beginning of our trip and at another hotel at the end. instead, we cancelled our second hotel and came back to le bristol. we were greeted warmly, and we felt as if we were coming home.
great value.  luxurious but not stuffy.  wonderful location.  perfect trip.
we upgraded on arrival to a junior suite and had a 4 night stay. we returned the following weekend for two additional nights and were upgraded from the junior suite to a spectacular grand suite on the 5th floor overlooking the garden and with a terrace/deck. it was a very pleasant surprise.thanks to hotel bristol for treating us so well. you definitely have us coming back!
plenty of hotels provide luxury, but le bristol provides luxury wrapped up in warmth and kindness. i was truly shocked by how every single person on staff seemed concerned about me during my stay, and the great care and joy with which they greeted me, booked restaurants for me and helped me navigate around paris. other palace hotels feel very corporate. but the bristol feels like the home of a very wealth relative who wants to take care of you. and it is just so, so french. if you're in paris, that's exactly what you want.
we stayed at this hotel with three small children, 2, 4 and 6 years old. the standard of service and the accomodation was excellent.  however what marked the place as a true 5 star hotel was the remarkable attention to detail - when champagne was served in our room it was served with a champagne stopper in case we did not drink the whole bottle, there were cookies and juice for the kids set out in the room on arrival, on one occasion when we were walking out of the hotel the doorman suggested we take an umbrella - which turned out later on to be a good suggestion. these small things from different departments of the hotel set the hotel apart from other first class hotels.  the hotel also organized a babysitter at short notice with no fuss. the hotel is expensive compared with hotels of the same class but  represents good value nontheless - but don't go if you are concerned about cost.  one small suggestion is that they need a new children's room service menu with more options and better prices. 40 euros for a child's burger and a few chicken nuggets is over the top even in a hotel like this.
stayed at the bristol  for the first time  this nov after having  visited paris over the last 30 years  many times .all things considered this is the best luxury hotel in paris , and i have stayed in all of them more than once .  far and away the best service of any hotel i have every stayed in  anywhere in either the us or europe . the service is what is really outstanding about this hotel , although the other aspects ( rooms  , food , location , etc ) are  world class . if you have never tried the bristol , please do so. you will not regret it .
"the staff really were quite welcoming. i was working on my french and they accommodated me, even though they spoke in english to other guests. the rooms were just fine. the bathroom was quite large with dual sinks and the room was adequate in size. comparing parisian rooms to american rooms is not fair.  anyway, my main goal was to get out of the room and see paris. the hotel is 5 minutes from the champs elysees, so we often headed out in that direction (by foot, of course). the area has a lot of art galleries, so art lovers can get their fill.  the elysees palace is also nearby. we didn't realize it but it was open the weekend of ""partrimoine"" and we could have gone inside, which would have been a treat.the attached ""14 faubourg"" restaurant had excellent dinners and an attentive wait staff.my favorite place to eat breakfast was the interior garden.as for the prices, if you don't realize how much this restaurant costs, then you will be surprised, but you get 5 star service and attention. which leaves very little to dislike. i can't think of anything that i didn't like. even when we ordered a cocktail that i did not like, the bartender sent over a different one at no charge."
this place is off the hook and expensive to boot.  classic style.  they know your name when you arrive.  you drop the key off when you go out. service is top notch.  you are never presented a bill to sign when at the hotel which is probably a good thing because a manhattan and a bottle water was 36 euro.  do not use the room phone for long distance
the newly renovated le bristol offers accommodation and service second to none. their 3 star restaurant is paris's best.
everything about the bristol is perfect, the service is impeccable. the staff couldn't be nicer or friendlier. the hotel is kept immaculate. we loved everything about it. location also fabulous
my husband always says he won't stay anywhere that is not as good as his own home.  he loves the hotel bristol as do i.  it is first class in every way.  our first choice when visiting paris, especially over the xmas period because there is nowhere in the world like paris at xmas.
i stayed several time at bristol during business trips in paris.the rooms are spacious and well equipped but the decoration is blend.the beds are very comfortable and the room is quiet so i slept quite well.the service is impeccable and the food is excellent.try the breakfast in the summer restaurant; it’s a very pleasant moment when the weather is good.the hotel offered a small but very nice swimming pool with a nice view on paris.
we were in paris for our 20th anniversary. le doyen were closed for the weekend but the chap on the phone recommended the bristol. we can honestly say that this was the best lunch we have ever had. we chose the 85 euro set menu. although the set menu choices were small, there were so many mini course, canapes, sweets etc that this was not important. the dining room is huge allowing absolute privacy. the service was impeccable almost like us feeling king and queen for a day. every single treat and dish exuded fresh flavour and was unique. the bread was an outstanding beginning. we both had pigeon as a main course, as the the alternative was sea bass which we had the previous evening at le chiberta (see my review). the portions were good size. the service including our personal waiter accompanying us to get our coats was itself memorable. one word of warning though is that once seated the champagne trolley comes round (before you see the wine menu) and we impulsively accepted 2 glasses of rose champagne which cost 28 euros each glass - a bit steep as the cost the moet and chandon is only 42 euro a bottle. the wine we chose was only 50 euro a bottle bourgogne 2003 henri darnat which seemed reasonable in comparison and tasted nice. there were lovely finishing touches like the wine waitress sampling the bottles herself before pouring! we did not have cheese on our set menu but we could see a specialist cheese waitress enthusiastically describing each one in detail on a nearby table. we stayed four hours for our sunday lunch and enjoyed every minute. these people are true professionals where teamwork was evident. the final bill came to 292 euros but we felt it well worth it. a truly memorable experience. we are definitely returning for our 25th anniversary. we booked two days before from london and there were plenty of tables but i suspect that evening would be a lot more difficult (and expensive!).
we stayed in the hotel le bristol last october during the rugby world cup 2007. the le bristol is one of the best hotels we have ever stayed. its centrally located in the saint-honore area, close to all the fabulous fashion houses,  museums and restaurants. the room was great, it was large and beautifully decorated. the gym and indoor pool were clean and beautifully located on the top floor. the staff were very friendly and the food from the restaurant was fantastic. we loved it and will go back again when we next visit paris. we highly recommend you to experience the great services and ambience of hotel le bristol.
le bristol is truly an outstanding hotel. from the moment you’re greeted upon your arrival to the moment you sadly check out, you feel like you’re being truly taken care of, spoiled, and made to feel so special. the front desk team is professional yet warm. the concierge team is personable, knowledgeable, and get you the hardest ressies in town. i dealt with them the most prior to my arrival, and i can’t sing their praises enough. always quick to answer my questions with patience, and just a pleasure to talk to. now for the hotel itself. you are pampered from the moment you walk in. they really leave no stone unturned when it comes to  making one’s stay special and unforgettable. i particularly loved that they unpacked my suitcases and left the walk-in closet picture perfect. i also had a little gift waiting by my pillow every night. if you’re thinking about going to paris and are looking for grand hotels, i know you can have your choice. however, if you’re looking for understated elegance, incredible service where you’re not just another face, and a dreamy stay overall, i’d def choose le bristol!
we honeymooned in paris 40 years ago so we decided to go back for our 40th wedding anniversary. wonderful hotel with excellent staff particularly on concierge. they made our visit special with rose petals on the bed and champagne and balloons in the room
i could go on and on as to why the bristol is such a fabulous place to stay in paris.  first is the location -- it is set amidst some of the  most fabulous art galleries in paris.  it is within a short walk to great shopping, the louvre and the tuileries garden.  second, the concierge is outstanding -- they are incredibly efficient at arranging transfers to and from the airport and train station, securing tickets to the sold-out rothko exhibit at foundation louis vuitton and both reserving and making last minute changes to dinner reservations.  finally, when i had a flight delay on my last day, they were able to move my car transfer to the airport at the last minute - i feel like they were able to do the impossible.  third, the rooms are outstanding -- our prestige category room had two doors to the hallway which ensured that the room was absolutely dead silent at night.  there is plenty of closet space, the shower water pressure is perfect and the housekeeping service is outstanding.  fourth, every member of the hotel's team goes out of their way to be friendly and helpful.  in short, the hotel far exceeds expectations on every dimension -- i highly recommend.
gorgeous exquisite perfect stay. every person, staff member we encountered were gracious, professional, superb. afternoon tea is the best in paris. lemon tart beyond heavenly. room service 5+star elegant. on christmas the hotel fitted us beautifully handblown painted ornaments & an edible santa riding a polar bear sleigh. we opted for a tree in our room & well worth the price. this is not the least expensive hotel but by far best value as no effort or expense are spared to make your stay spectacular. i was sad to leave but k ow we will be back.
hotel le bristol never disappoints and this stay was another cut above visit with so many lovely memories. here are just a few snippets of what extraordinary warmth we experienced on this trip. upon our arrival, we were greeted by jean-marie burlet who is always hospitality down to his bones, who welcomed us back like old friends. from there, paul riou, guest experience manager, kindly escorted us to our room -- 660 -- which was a lovely junior suite, with views of the eiffel tower and the surrounding area. one of le bristol's crowning customer service/hospitality points is that they never miss the fine details -- we were celebrating an anniversary and when we arrived, the hotel had organised  balloons and a bottle of champagne, along with a hand written note from longtime friend leah marshall wishing us a lovely stay, as she was away on assignment and couldn't be there to greet us herself.the special touches/surprises continued because when we returned from dinner that first night, we found that the fairies had left red roses and rose petals for us -- so lovely and such a nice touch. and, on our last evening, we returned to our room to find a gift box with three chocolate cats -- reminiscent of the hotel's gorgeous socrate -- and a note from paul riou, the hotel's customer experience manager, saying that he understood that we liked le bristol's cat and thought we might enjoy this sweet souvenir of our stay. in terms of food and drink, during our visit we had two lovely meals at 114 faubourg with the pleasure of being seated where you could see the kitchen preparing food on the pass, which is such a fun experience. my favourite is the frisée salad with black truffle vinaigrette...i could eat my body weight in that salad and go to bed happy. beyond that, the service, as always, was superb and the food did not disappoint.  we had the sole a la plancha to share, along with an apple desert that was simply sublime. beyond 114, we also had several evenings with a drink in le bar where the team are so suave and cool, the drinks delicious and the music just right. you feel as though you are entering into a private club, such is the welcome you receive upon arrival, whisked to a cool table with canapés and your favourite drink...what is not to like? on our last day, we had an impromptu lunch at cafe antonia.  after viewing an exhibition at the pompidou centre we were due to have lunch at george, on the top floor, but it was so freezing because of the floor to ceiling windows and so we abandoned the idea, heading back to the hotel for something there instead. the lunch was delightful and, as i was coming down with a cold, our waiter florian is to be thanked for his suggestion of a grog -- this magic drink worked wonders!while the whole concierge team deserve a shout out for being head over heels wonderful, lovely noe made all our reservations for our stay, from restaurant to museum bookings and each communication from him was absolutely charming, leaving me with a giggle and a smile. as always, everything was done to perfection, down to the areas in restaurants that we preferred our seating and recommendations for places we hadn't tried before that were simply marvellous. and, regarding the rest of the concierge team, whenever we went to the desk to drop off or retrieve our key, we were greeted so warmly that it brings a smile to our faces even thinking about it. tony legoff and marie-liesse thery, along with guillaume, camille, sarah, helene, fanny and zoe round out the most amazing, friendly and well-connected concierge team we've ever come across. nothing is too big or too small for them and they are always happy to help.  and, even if you don't need anything, they are there with a kind hello and a chat. aurelie martin, who was recently promoted to resident manager, is to be congratulated for maintaining the culture of quality and hospitality that has made le bristol's name over the years. ms. martin has always been an asset to the hotel and now, as there is a changing of the guard, we are sure that the hotel is in safe hands and are already planning our next stay, sooner rather than later! merci le bristol pour un autre visite par excellence! gros bisous. katie et tom xx
an excellent classic parisian palace. i would highly recommend this magnificent establishment to anyone who is interested in quality. the rooms are impeccably decorated in the true paris tradition. great!
we’re not a-list celebrities, but we love le bristol too. staying at the hotel during paris fashion week provided sightings of many celebrities, many of whom were staying at le bristol. it’s obvious that if those who can choose to stay anywhere, stay at le bristol, it must be special.this was our third time at le bristol since 2017 and we experienced perfection once again. from the physical structure to the food and most importantly, the staff, we felt like we were at a home away from home.it’s location on the tony rue du faubourg saint-honore is ideal. the area was never flooded with tourists, yet there are a number of excellent restaurants within walking distance and you may actually encounter french people who live and work in the area. as you stroll east towards the designer shops, you will pass president macron’s official residence - elysee palace. there are also other significant buildings and embassies, which result in french police on virtually every street corner. needless to say, the area around le bristol is extremely safe and secure.what we loved the most about le bristol is the swimming pool on the roof. while swimming there in the evening, we were able to take in a view of the eiffel tower and its twinkling lights. special indeed!
perfect service, amazing food options, clean, friendly and simply the best hotel in paris. the staff was very helpful and accommodating and you really get the sense that they don’t say no to anything… they just strive to please and make it perfect.
leah and her team is brilliant and introduced me and my family to a new standard of excellence. the attention to detail combined with the attentiveness of the entire team is unsurpassed anywhere i have traveled.
my wife and i are at a loss for words to describe our 4-day stay at le bristol. the  hotel is exquisite and feels like home in an odd way. very expensive, but the service is never stuffy; in fact, staff has been well trained to accommodate your every request...and with a smile...always. we dined in the hotel's 3-star michelin restaurant, l'epicure our first night. other days, we visited other venues in the hotel for a pre-dinner glass of wine.  our room was fantastically appointed and overlooked the lovely garden. our breakfasts were a delightful start to each day(delivered punctually to our room). location of the hotel is excellent, being close to the metro and  the champs-elysees. the concierge team is wonderful. they worked with me to book our meals. we'd recommend one of the garden rooms, as they have great views and are very quiet. while this may be one of the most highly-rated and most expensive hotels in paris, it's not stuffy and the experience explains why. we felt like the staff really wanted all the guests to have an exceptional experience, whether it was ordering a meal, having tea in the garden or arranging for a taxi or private driver. we give it only 5 stars because we can't give it more on trip advisor.
the place and the staff makes you feel at home as soon as you step in. the atmosphere is chic but still relaxed & the garden is very beautiful. rooms are very comfortable with classic french furnitures.
this is the only luxury hotel in paris we will stay. it feels like home and that is very intentional on their part. every detail is thought of and they welcome you so incredible warmly. we brought our 2 year old son as well and they made our stay so comfortable and hospitable for him. they had all the baby friendly set up ready in the room even with his name embroidered on bib. they gave us a nice upgrade and remembered so much about us from our last stay. it feels like home. the concierge team is also incredible and has the most amazing super powers to get us in anywhere.
to say that le bristol paris is wonderful is such an understatement that it doesn't even scratch the surface of how special this hotel is...whenever my husband and i think of going away for a few days, our thoughts always bring us back to le bristol because the hospitality and the service are like none other: you at once feel like you're away, yet so at home at the same time. nothing is ever too much trouble. nothing is less than exceptional, every time. while paris is a magical city in and of itself, le bristol makes a stay in the city that much more special. here are some highlights from this visit...the hotel's bar, le bar-- if you've never been, you must try le bar where the atmosphere is like being a member of a private club. 114 faubourg -- le bristol's bistro style restaurant, is always a favourite -- i would say to try the salad with the truffle vinaigrette. that salad alone would bring me back to paris ... but, of course whatever you chose will be delicious, as well.the spa -- on this visit, i treated myself to spa appointments with a massage and facial, both of which were incredible. i didn't expect to come out of my rejuvenating facial with such fantastic results that, when i returned to our suite and for days after, my husband say that i looked 10 years younger! it won't be a surprise that i will be visiting the spa on future stays.le bristol continues to be our top favourite place to stay on the planet.xxkatie and tom jones
this hotel is so special, so magical, so beautiful, i only hope i can write a review worthy of our stay. on may 15th, we celebrated our daughter’s 21st birthday at le bristol. the hotel has been her favorite since we stayed there for her first trip to paris, when she was seven years old. she has spent the last year in paris studying abroad, and even though her birthday fell between her last two exams, the only way she wanted to celebrate was to spend the night at le bristol. i emailed the hotel prior to our stay to tell them of our planned birthday celebration, and i included pictures of our daughter at the hotel when she was a little girl. i got an incredibly lovely note back from camille and fanny at the concierge desk, saying they were so happy to be made aware of our birthday celebration and would be looking forward to our stay. fast forward to our arrival the morning of my daughter’s birthday and the le bristol magic began. we were greeted personally by several senior members of the staff who made us feel as though we were either family or vips. then the lovely front desk person who greeted us informed us of an upgrade to our room and escorted us there. tears came to our eyes when we entered our room. not only had the staff taken the care to place us in the very same, very beautiful room we had stayed at when our daughter was seven, but the room was filled with gorgeous pink balloons, a giant number 21, a beautiful bouquet of pink peonies, a generous gift of the hotel’s iconic key ring, and most incredibly, a picture frame with the pictures i had emailed of my daughter at the hotel many years before. we were absolutely rendered speechless at the care, kindness and generosity of all involved in planning this surprise.  as if this all was not enough, shortly later there was a knock on the door and we were further surprised with a stunning chocolate birthday cake from the very fine pastry chefs at the hotel. we literally felt as though we had landed in a dream. later, we realized that the birthday dinner reservation we had made, with the help and effort of the concierge staff, was further away than my exhausted daughter wanted to go. we apologetically asked if sarah at the concierge desk could help us figure out some place closer to go. she  could not have been more understanding and picked a beautiful, understated but also festive restaurant a few blocks from the hotel that was absolutely perfect and delicious. the next morning, when we went down for breakfast, again the restaurant staff went out of their way to make our breakfast into a birthday celebration. the hotel is always so incredibly beautiful, as elegant as exists yet, so comfortable and never stuffy in any way, and this has everything to do with the outstanding staff. of course the hotel is often host to dignitaries and celebrities, and yet the genius of the staff, besides how incredibly talented and proficient everyone is, is that they make every guest feel important.  the front desk, the concierge staff, the restaurant staff, housekeeping - each and every person goes over and above to make your stay the best it can be. this is truly not the case at all luxury hotels, and it is what sets le bristol, in our opinion, at the very top. it will always be our favorite. we could not be more grateful to everyone for  the new and very special memories they helped us create. we hope to be back soon. if you have any opportunity at all to stay at this dream hotel, please do.
my wife and i have just returned from paris where we spent a week at the extraordinary le bristol, a hotel with an unrivaled commitment to service. in an environment in which hotels are predominantly owned by sovereign wealth funds and absentee investors, le bristol is that rare hotel in continuous family ownership. le bristol’s owners, the oetker family, have a multi generational commitment to le bristol and have long supported an established management team dedicated to maintaining this irreplaceable asset and preserving its reputation for service.  le bristol continues to be a story not about “bricks and mortar and marble”, but of the extraordinary warmth and hospitality of the bristol team.  it is a special place. thirteen years ago, the oetker family wisely entrusted the management of this iconic institution to leah marshall, recruiting ms. marshall from the george v hotel, where ms. marshall had revamped staffing and operations to wide acclaim. the recruitment of ms. marshall proved to be a prescient decision which has resonated deeply at le bristol. under her leadership and keen operational eye, le bristol has reached new heights and solidified its position as paris’s greatest and most unique hotel, encompassing its legendary guest services, its renowned restaurants under the direction of the acclaimed chef eric frechon and outstanding wine cellar and beverage program under the leadership of head sommelier baptiste gillet-delrieu (as well as the hotel’s own bakery, cheese aging cave and artisanal pasta production) and reinforced le bristol’s stature for unrivaled elegance and intimacy. such creative innovations reflect ms. marshall’s challenges of the status quo and the empowerment of her team. despite the significant challenges in this post pandemic era in which labor shortages and inflationary pressures have persisted, le bristol has maintained its excellence throughout all of the hotel’s departments. such considerable achievement is attributable to ms. marshall’s intensive focus and management skills, a unique synthesis of her hands on operational approach and unrelenting attention to detail. such skill set, together with a strategic vision through which the oetker hospitality commitment and brand is continually reinforced and refined, has enabled le bristol to maintain its position at the apex of the competitive paris hotel market. one of ms. marshall’s greatest strengths is her ability to recruit, train and mentor key department heads, empowering a deep and talented “bench” to fulfill the oetker family’s mission at le bristol. in this regard, special recognition is warranted for jean-marie burlet, director of guest services. mr. burlet works assiduously to ensure that the hotel is a safe and secure environment with a guest  services staff which knows every guest at the hotel. following the retirement of sonia papet, ms. marshall recruited an outstanding new concierge team at the hotel, led by tony legoff and marie-liesse thery. mr. le goff and ms. thery have a encyclopedic knowledge of paris restaurants and cultural institutions. together with a wonderful concierge team, they have elevated the le bristol’s concierge service to an even higher level. interacting with this group of joyful, gracious and energetic concierge team members (including zoe, camille, sarah, helene, noe and jimmy) is a delight. it’s is difficult to capture the uniqueness of le bristol in a brief review. it is a very special place, with magnificent rooms, luxurious furnishings, impeccable housekeeping, exemplary food service and a secure and protective environment - but le bristol is best defined by the warmth and support given to its “family” of guests by its caring staff.  the le bristol “experience” is unforgettable.
incredible girls getaway in paris. 5 star visit as always. jean-marie and his staff made the stay unforgettable. upon arrival we were welcomed into a fabulous suite - what a special treat. we began our stay with a relaxing day at the bristol spa and ended with drinks at bristol after dark. we had a special request for room service and it was not a problem for this amazing staff. fabien arranged a once in a lifetime birthday celebration that blew us away! sean at 114 treated us like royalty. we ate breakfast in the lobby cafe every morning and are dreaming of the truffle eggs. the bristol is located just steps away from every store you want to hit on your paris stay- hermès, lv, chanel, goyard, chloè, celine and all the rest. if you are looking for the very best place to stay in paris- book now- you won’t be disappointed. and don’t forget to look for the cat!
there is no single word that can describe our stay. our room was magnifique spacious and very well appointed, the bathroom is fantastic.the best part is the service, le epicure breakfast is lovely. marie liesse and jimmy at the concierge desk are top notch. it is our second time at le bristol and it is our favorite by far in europe.
incredible attention to detailfor the super wealthy food was some of the best i have ever had except for london expect to pay exhorbitant prices decor was to be desired in the rooms but i couldn’t have asked for a better 5 star hotel
i can mention enough complements to le bristol. what a wonderful and warm experience for our 30th wedding anniverdary. we have had the priviledge of experiencing the best properties in paris, but this was above anything we could have expected.from the pick-up service at the airport the wonderful welcome my paul, and to a property that is unique not only in paris but around the world. we really enjoyed all that the property has to offer, the 1 star 114 rue faubourg, (should be 2) the the food and service was impecable, to note serge the sommelier was excellent. we also went to epicure and had a wonderful tasting menu, they kindly adjusted my wife’s menu due to allergy, and probably one of our top experiences in paris in a while. chef eric frenchon, is wonderul. the spa was great aurelie was a wonderul host and we also enjoyed the 6th floor pool - it was all for us! for more informal dining cafe antonio was a perfect solution and breakfast was the one we like, home made croissants, great coffee and the host always greeting with a warm smile, carolne.we also experienced the le bristol after dark, i was skeptical at thw beginning, but after having dinner at 114 again, we had some great drinks at bad, and we enjoyed the music and the people there. its very chick we felt 20 again!finally, what puts le bristol in another category is the culture led my leah thomson the gm, and jean marie burlet the guest management director. both appoach us casually in the 6 days we stayed and checked in on us, and got to know us. the inivited to their weekly cocktail with guests on wednesday, and met other wonderful guest. truly unique, warm and something we had never experienced, maybe except in a cruise ship when you sit at the captains table. both leah and jean marie are true assets to le bristol. the concierge staff was amazing, resolving all and any needs.in conclusion, a unique and wonderful experience that should not be missed if you want to stay in one of the best propetiesin the world. ps: they have in-house a wonderful burmese cat, socrate. we spoted him twice was a cuttie!
the service was amazing and always there when you needed it. the rooms were beautiful and the view was gorgeous. we could always call when we needed something. i slept very well and the beds were very comfortable.
located steps away from champs elysées and la madeleine place, this palace hotel offers a rooftop swimming pool with eiffel tower views and an 1,200 sqm.an icon of french elegance and art de vivre, le bristol paris is located at one of the city's most prestigious addresses on rue du faubourg saint-honoré.
we spent a week at le bristol.  after 2 years of covid, we wanted to indulge and le bristol joy the spot.  they were friendly and helpful across the board, and very welcoming to our young girls.  both girls still love the little bunnies they got from le bristol.  they brought milk to the room quickly when we needed it and even arranged for a doctor to come visit when my daughter had an ear infection.  while le bristol was expensive, it was worth it
best pool in the worldgreat barwonderful restaurant super personal pay it is worth the experiencegood location in the citygreat bar greatest bar ever have i mentioned this bar , friendly bartender meet great people have a drink at the pool have a bottle of wine relax and smile ok thanks a lot proctor
le bristol in paris is by far one of the most exquisite places on earth. it has everything you could dream about in a  ‘palace’ hotel and most importantly, a team of wonderful people who care about their guests like family. i absolutely love the hotel and it’s dreamy, elegant, above all else, a very special ‘home’ while in paris. the doormen are wonderful, especially arnaud. (hope i got his name right!) the concierges are incredible, so patient and kind. huge mention to noe, tony, sarah, jimmy, arthur, fanny, and guillaume. they are just the best. they know the city so well and will ensure you are well looked after. the reception team is world class. laure, the hotel front office manager, is amazing. she is so kind and lovely. a true ambassador for lbp. also, thibaut, alina, jean-marie,  clement, constance, melissa, and louise are all wonderful and perfect hotel professionals always making you feel welcomed and cared for. rocio, who oversees the executive office, is a gem. she always looks after my booking and makes everything seamless. she is true hospitality professional and is so kind. the food at le bristol is incredible. everything is amazing. but especially the breakfasts will be the best you will ever have in france. the most beautiful perfect croissants in paris to the dreamy scrambled eggs, served on the most exquisite china. dinner at their 1 michelin 114 was divine- esp the special tasting menu. room service will send beautiful morning cappuccinos with a sweet message to start your day. the food is divine across the board and always so beautiful. this will be a true highlight of any stay at le bristol. adrien, anaïs and julie in the cafe antonia are all amazing and so kind. paul in 114 was a wonderfully warm human and took care of the whole meal with finesse. the room this time was magical, overlooking the hotels stunning garden with beautiful windows that open. the bathrooms are huge with a glorious soaking bath and strong rain shower supplied with beautiful diptyque products. housekeeping is incredible and the attention to detail is impressive. a lovely le bristol lens cloth wipe was left under my glasses for example. the location is glorious and to my mind, the best in paris. it’s removed from the frantic busy areas of the city and near lovely galleries, very high end shopping and easy lovely walk to all the major parts of paris. you can easily stroll to palais-royal, vendome, the opera garnier, and all the beautiful shopping.leah, the hotels wonderful hotel manager, is always lovely and i am sure she is so proud of her wonderful amazing team. not all palace hotels in paris are the same and some can come off as cold and unfriendly. certainly never ever the case at le bristol. i think this is what makes the hotel so special. the lobby, dazzling staircases, gorgeous flowers and the lovely resident cat roaming around just add the the pleasures of staying here.this is my home in the french capital and i am already counting the days until i can come back. it’s utterly divine. thank you for always taking exceptional care of me.
an outstanding experience with superlative service throughout our short staytony the concierge was a delight and a source of all knowledge.the general manger absolutely charmingbreakfast was delicious, epicure outstanding
everything was delightful. got upgraded to a junior suite. only annoyance was that the columns were placed in such a way you couldn’t actually see out the windows from the bed (pictured) which felt a little claustrophobic…but otherwise the room was large, beautiful, and had nice views of the courtyard. the service was on point: i casually mentioned at check-in, when asked about my plans, that i wanted to go to girafe but my concierge was being slow. that night i got a confirmation letter for a reservation at girafe from the hotel. hospitality is clearly a key value.
just perfect!! amazing customers experience! we loved it!nice service, nice crew, nice food! we stayed 8 days and it was a truly happiness!! we will definitely be back!  it was magical!!  what a stay!!  just wow!!!
this is probably on of the best hotels in the world. room design, cleanliness, service, food, amenities and attention to detail all were beyond my expectorations. worth the price. thanks to the whole team!
beautiful hotel and grounds, attentive staff shout out to the lovely bar man, pure class. definitely worth spending the extra £££ my wife was blown away with the decor thank you for making our anniversary extra special.
le bristol hotel receives so much praise that it seems like gilding the lily﻿ to write yet another glowing review. but i’ll do it anyway, because it’s so deserving.we stayed four nights at the dawn of 2022, as part of my birthday celebration. what a gift it was. the property is gorgeous, immaculately maintained, and full of little discoveries, such as an antique half-octagonal, open-grill elevator semi-encircled by an elegant staircase and a rooftop indoor swimming pool that makes you feel like you’re taking a dip on the back of a vintage yacht. the restaurants: all great.and the room? wow. exquisite, spacious, with balconies overlooking rue du faubourg de st honoré and the eiffel tower in the distance.the staff is absolutely top-notch. everyone treated us with such kindness, patience, and generosity. (we were surprised by a beautiful cake and champagne in the room. a really delicious cake. and really good champagne. no half measures at this place.) even the house cat socrate, who lounges about the lobby, is charming.just a few of the exceptional staff we encountered (apologies to the many i have missed):in reception or front office: valentin, stéphane david, jean phillippe among the large concierge team: sonia, camille, arthur, steven, noé, guillaume, fanny… and on and onin food/beverage management: luc, thierryat 144 faubourg: thomas (an enthusiastic waiter/ski bum)at epicure: fabien, thomas, hitomii only wish i kept better track of the names of everyone who made such an exceptional stay possible. we’ll certainly try to return, and to visit other oetker collection properties on future travels, good fortune and covid willing. thank you so much.
quintessential french elegance at this beautiful property with a brilliant newly transformed garden.  the staff is most gracious and kind, warm and friendly, attentive and accommodating - everyone is made to feel quite well looked after.  every detail has been addressed to make your stay as comfortable and special as possible.  the front door, front desk and concierge teams set the stage for your stay when you arrive greeting everyone by name and with a smile - professional, knowledgeable, courteous and always helpful.  the rooms are appointed with elegant fabrics and bedding, comfortable, supremely clean and fresh as are the bathrooms with generous and lovely amenities and products,  the spa is exquisite, the indoor pool superb, the hotel bakes their own breads in house which are divine and served in the restaurants and room service, the laundry service available to guests is prompt and elegant, the bar at the bristol is nicely tucked away where thierry and the wonderful bar team create a uniquely fun and lively experience peppered with loyal locals, epicure is an extraordinary michelin delight as is 114 where they have introdced a new menu even better than the previous, cafe antonia is brilliant for afternoon tea or a lunch in the romantic, lush garden.  truly what sets this hotel apart from any other five star property anywhere in the world is the staff - exquisitely trained there is no doubt all who one comes across during their stay to a person will encounter a team who loves their jobs and exudes professionalism and discretion - a parisian palace exceptionelle.
my wife and i spent ten wonderful days at le bristol in october and early november, our first visit to europe since the pandemic  began in 2020. in view of the anxiety inherent in international travel  - as the world regains a semblance of post pandemic normalcy -  there can be no safer and more secure venue than le bristol. to say that the management team at le bristol is committed to providing a secure and comforting environment for its guests is an understatement.  the hotel is astonishingly clean, achieving levels of cleanliness which seem to have elevated this landmark hotel’s focus on wellbeing and security beyond its own unrivaled standards. the hotel’s respect for the health and well being of its guests and employees is clear, with covid - 19 protective standards consistently maintained (high quality face masks and hand sanitizers are provided for all). the extraordinary attention to security and comfort at this iconic hotel is clearly a function of the work of le bristol’s distinguished management team led by the longtime general manager leah marshall. ms. marshall is a perpetual “hands on” presence throughout the hotel, overseeing the hotel’s operational departments of the hotel and interacting with the key departmental managers she has recruited and mentored, including the guest relations department (managed by jean-marie burlet) and the outstanding concierge team directed by the peerless and delightful sonia papet - guillot. every department at le bristol, from its security contingent to its housekeeping staff to the restaurants and food services is outstanding. we make special note of le bristol’s superb concierge team. the concierge team at le bristol has the pulse of paris’s culinary scene as well as its diverse cultural landscape. on this visit, ms. papet - guillot (and her savvy colleague sebastien allogia) recommended new restaurants which were among the highlights of our trip, including the wonderful classic bistro le bon georges in the 9th arrondissement and, cena, a new modern bistro located near the hotel. we have never experienced a concierge team at any hotel in the world which has the expertise and resolute dedication to serving its guests and enhancing the “paris experience”. the food service and restaurants at the hotel, under the direction of the renowned eric frechon, continue to perform at the highest level, including the three michelin starred “epicure” and the bistro “114 faubourg”. in addition ms. marshall’s commitment to le bristol’s culinary platform has inspired mr. frechon to open a delightful gourmet boutique featuring his exquisite breads, chocolates and patisserie and a unique cheese “cave” in which mr. frechon will collaborate with an expert “affineur” to age artisanal cheeses in the hotel’s cellars. the hotel continues to enhance its “gym”, providing  state of the art equipment in a safe and sanitary setting with an exceptionally accommodating staff. le bristol is simply not a five star luxury hotel. it is a uniquely warm and hospitable place where every guest is made to feel welcome and special. it is difficult to adequately articulate the unique “culture” of le bristol, an environment in which the staff’s mission is to provide a level of care and graciousness one does not expect in a commercial hotel. we believe that this service ethos directly reflects the hotel’s stable family ownership and the trust ownership has bestowed on ms. marshall to maintain le bristol’s standards and uncompromising commitment to service.this is an extraordinary and iconic hotel which continues to set the standard of service and hospitality all hotels aspire to, but rarely achieve.we thank le bristol for all that it does for its guests, especially during these challenging and unprecedented times. le bristol shines in 2021 and is clearly looking ahead to further enhance its performance, stature  and deserved reputation.
in short, this hotel is out of this world, its one of the best hotels i have ever been to in my life! and the staff are amazing! the location is perfect, but when someone like the chinese president is visiting the presidential palace, it will be hard to reach the hotel!
there may be hotels in paris with more glitter and marble in the public areas, but there is no hotel in paris which rivals le bristol for the warmth, service and elegance which this extraordinary hotel provides to its guests. le bristol is a truly unique hotel - with a staff committed to providing a level of caring and service and security which distinguishes le bristol from other five star hotels.the hotel’s operations continue to be directed by ms. leah marshall, a savvy, hands on hotel executive with an acute eye for critical operational standards. we heard a guest observe that ms. marshall has a clearly commanding presence in the hotel from early morning to the evening, a reflection of her tireless mission to ensure that the hotel’s renowned service levels are maintained to her impeccable standards. ms. marshall’s resolute efforts resonate throughout the hotel, from its housekeeping, food service to its security. in this turbulent world, safety and security is a paramount concern for all travelers. le bristol provides a highly secure environment. the hotel’s focus on security is led by jean marie burlet, a long time presence at the hotel and the director of guest services. under mr. burlet’s watch, the hotel’s front of the house staff is attentive and gracious, engaging every guest of the hotel and maintaining complete control over access to the hotel. this commitment to guest services underscores the extraordinary nature and intimacy achieved by this hotel. a review of le bristol would be incomplete without an acknowledgement of the hotel’s outstanding concierge team, led by the gracious sonia papet. ms. papet is a remarkably insightful concierge, managing a department of highly skilled professionals with a collective encyclopedic knowledge of paris and its cultural institutions and dining venues. ms. papet and her long time senior colleagues, sébastien allogia and emmanuel deoliveira, consistently provide superb guidance and recommendations to the hotel’s guests, including outstanding new bistros and, conversely, noting the restaurants which have declined and are to be avoided. we have never experienced a concierge team of this skill and integrity.we look forward to returning to le bristol in future years and to experiencing this truly extraordinary hotel.
faboluos hotel in paris. everything is perfect, in all details. is very nice to be pampered as in this hotel. from the entrance to everypoint is great. the consierges are excellent. and the people that are when you register. also great. the 114 faubourgh restaurant is also very very good. the breasfast in a beautifull place is super. expensive it is but is worth it.
i have to say this is one of the nicest hotels i have ever stayed in. it is absolutely stunning, the staff are amazing and can't do enough for you. a truly magnificent place everything about it is 5 star. we stayed in a superior room with a gorgeous king size bed.i loved the pool and spa, along with the stunning garden.
absolutely stunning hotel. we were lucky enough to stay here as well as other 5 star hotels in the city.  this was certainly the best without a doubt.  stunning views,  central to paris and food amazing.
we stayed at the hotel for our anniversary; it was terrific from start to finish. the hotel was advised it was our anniversary so when we arrived there was a bottle of champagne, chocolates and some little cakes. a couple of nights later turn-down service put 2 red roses and some scattered rose petals on the bed. staying at the bristol is a bit like (what i imagine) having one's own manor with staff who have been with the family for decades, people who take your comfort as seriously as their own. they couldn't have been more attentive to detail or more accommodating of requests. the room was large and overlooked the garden. really, it was a delight from beginning to end. a bit hard to leave and go home and return to real life! if you want a place for a special occasion or just to be pampered in the heart of paris,  you can't do better than the bristol.
we have had the occasion to stay at le bristol a few times over the years, and it is always a marvelous experience.  we spent a week there at the beginning of september.the hotel is well-situated on the right bank, and the rooms and amenities are first rate (including a pool on the 8th floor that lets you look out over the roofs of the city and towards sacre coeur).  but what always impresses me the most is the quality of the staff, from the general manager, who you may find in the lobby greeting guests as they arrive, to the concierge and reception staff, who always anticipate what you want before you can ask for it, to the housekeeping staff, who will discreetly satisfy any request (including dry cleaning in a hour).  and a meal at epicure, the hotel's 3 michelin star restaurant, is about as memorable as any meal you will ever have in paris.le bristol is not an inexpensive hotel, but if you can afford it, it is undeniably value for the money.
we had the great fortune to be in paris for the world cup final and staying at le bristol.  the suite was exceptional, the service was exceptional, the price was, well, exceptional.  (the day paris won the final, all the restaurants around closed down and we had no choice but to eat in the hotel, but not even the euros 50 burger, both painful and delicious, could dampen my enthusiasm for the hotel.)  it is perfectly located and a genuine treat.  breakfast, by the way, is absolutely lovely.
before i begin i must confess to how much i love le bristol it’s fabulous staff and of course fa-raon resident king.this trip was dinner at 114 faubourg on my birthday if 28 july.i had done this 2 years ago and was treated like royalty.as i approached fabrice who has run 114 since it’s inception greeted me warmly and remembered my last birthday dinner.every dish superb pate rated best in world and pork belly perfect,wine service and with patrice constant overseeing everything was amazing.paris has an amazing bunch of palace hotels but le bristol stands out with the service and attention to style.i would be remiss to not mention jean-marie burlet executive of customer relations.this man is a national treasure of paris nothing too big or small passes his attention and a most stylish gentleman.
the perfection does exist! it is a proper traditional palace, a feast for the senses. the grounds are kept immaculate, every need is attended to, the food is best in the world - i really cannot think of any way it could be better.
everything is perfect from the reception to the service. it is hard to get a better location in paris at that level of comfort and service. staff willing to go the extra mile and help. rooms are spacious and crystal clean. quite frankly a review ia redundant.
the hotel is beautiful. the rooms are big and very clean. the staff is super polite.my grandkids were so happy to stare at the cat. nice location,lots of shopping and restaurants. the breakfast at the restaurant was very tasty.
we had an amazing stay , the team went above and beyond to make our visit perfect. we wanted to try cedric griolet ‘s pastries, the concierge tried every way to preorder the pastries and sent a team member to wait in line 2 hours to secure the cakes , since the store was new and the cakes limited, concierge’s efforts made all the difference , we got to enjoy a special experience , during a tight trip schedule, we wouldn’t otherwise have been able to.we can’t wait to return to stay . service is warm , sincere and every staff member tries their utmost to create special memories of paris for their lucky guests.
le bristol is a beautiful, understated and luxurious hotel. staff could not be more friendly and accommodating. the courtyard terrace is a wonderful space to enjoy a glass of champagne in the sun. cafe antonia a great spot for a light meal. we enjoyed the bar cocktails, a little too much!
i really enjoyed my stay here and since day 1 was very good entertained . my room was simply amazing and couldnt ask for more . i also liked the frensh croissant and mostly all the breakfest . the hotel had a pretty nice view
what a fabulously wonderful hotel! we had a beautiful garden room with balcony which was extremely charming, comfortable & well appointed. the staff make you feel that the hotel is your home from home & i don’t know how they do it but they remember your name! i’m already looking forward to my next stay!
among my favourite hotels in the world. staff impeccable. rooms very comfortable. easy location. love the bar and light bar snack menu. didn’t get into the spa this time but know it’s great. not cheap! we will be back!
had a few days here to celebrate a birthday. from the moment of arrival to our departure the hotel worked like clockwork..the staff were courteous and kind and all seemed happy in their work. the restaurant, the epicure, continues to be one of the best in france and their sunday lunch is well worth booking well in advance.one of the finest hotels we have stayed in in the last 40 years. not cheap but you pay for what you get.
i travel quite frequently all over the world and le bristol holds a special place in my heart. le bristol feels like a home away from home with some of the warmest and most professional staff i have ever met. leah marshall and her team provide the warmest greeting. i love that you constantly see her and jean-marie around the hotel engaging with guests. they know you and as a result are able to provide the little details that make stays at the le bristol special. of course, the rooms are wonderful. they are comfortable, large and light filled. the housekeeping team remembers what your preferences are and are so sweet. the restaurants are all impeccable and a drink at the bar is a must! all in all staying at le bristol is like coming home!
firstly the hotel room is very comfortable. there is a great view. all personnel are smiling. i like the food very much. i suggest people came. the food is very delicious. very good with everything. bristol hotel is very nicely decorated. i want to came back.
the feeling of being at a royal place sinks in from the moment you walk in.the service level is excellent, and was welcomed by louise at the reception - who then also walked us to our room.the room was great size with one of the most comfortable beds ever. the amneties a class. a special mention to cutlery and dishes at the breakfast. was simply superb and the breakfast was excellentcant say more- go for this one
i stayed at this hotel on the recommendation of a friend and i was really satisfied. i have always preferred traditional hotels in paris but i must say that this combines modernity and elegance and is located in a quiet and central area. impressive structure is very welcoming, the spacious room is equipped with all the comforts, excellent room level. very nice spa area, relaxing pool, very functional saunas area and complete gym. breakfast of great quality. definitely a common framework to many 5 stars but the real difference is given by the professionalism and courtesy of the staff. resources always impeccable never out of place, never a smudge, good and professional. a first level team and the customer feels pampered and served with the utmost professionalism.thanks, see you soon
the hotel is a real gold in the very classy street of saint honoré! we were invited by a good friend who was celebrating her birthday and she put me in a junior suite! staff here is amazing!! they do everything possible to have the best stay ever!!! i would love to go back soon!!!
historic gem to savor the michelin starred offerings amidst your galeries' exploring on rue de miromesnil or refined shopping on saint-honoré. close enough for a break from fiac's art show at grand palais or an overall tasteful choice for meetings. visited before 2017-can only appoint as of april 2017 onwards for the review)
amazing!! it’s the one word i can describe about this place. worth the extra money for a special stay. great rooms, facilities and service. what all 5 star hotels should be. a perfect facilities. would like to go back again.
superb all the way around. in my opinion, le bristol paris is a standard by which other hotels ought to be measured. we travel three or four months a year staying at five star hotels. staying at the bristol is always a highlight and very happily anticipated.leah marshall, jean-marie burlet, charlie dir. of inroom dining, and the entire concierge team - i cannot list here all the world class team at the bristol who help make this property as exceptional as it is. dining options are all great with michelin stars at the romantic and very attentive  l'epicure to delicious bistro cuisine at 112 to diverse and fresh,modern options on hotel menus.
"at home in five star hotels, our one week stay at le bristol in early januaryled us to conclude that here was personal attention to guests at its finest.aside from the beauty of the hotel and its pervasive charm, the impeccable professionalism of every single member of staff was accompanied by a warmthand desire to ensure that the guests feel at home.  from lea marshall, remarkablehostess, to jean marie, public relations, to sonia at the concierge desk and many others.and the one star michelin ""brasserie"", faubourg 124, is both beautiful and excellent.best in lutecia.looking forward to next visit.carlos a. marulanda"
it was a grey day in paris, i was with my fiancée and i propose to her to drink an hot chocolate at the bristol hotel first the atmosphere is so nice and very quiet the water very mindful and ower all the chocolate so good we spent a very nice moment in confortable arm chair people are nice and at his time of the day(5pm) there are lot of familiesthank you so much to benjamin the waiter
my partner and i are staying at le bristol every single time we are in paris. from the minute you walk in, the warm and welcoming staff welcomes you into the beautiful establishment. the hotel bar became our favorite spot in town for a late night drink and both of the restaurants proved to have an exquisite cuisine. we had the pleasure to meet jean-marie burlet and cécile reynaud, the two guest relations managers, who have been exceptional in making our stay at the hotel into the best one it could possibly be. i personally loved the spa services with the excellent teams working there and best quality products used, such as la prairie. every service offered at the hotel blends in together perfectly, creating the beauty and harmony of le bristol experience. highly recommended for anyone's stay in paris.
just loved all! great staff, beautiful room, and small breakfast, just as perfect it should be. i was there during a big conference in paris, and many authorities were also at the hotel, from the outside seemed a little chaotic, but as soon you step in, all the staff made great efforts to make sure we were having great time. thank you.
one of the best hotels in the world to stay.  the location, the service the rooms were all incredible.  experienced some of the best service i have ever had after staying in numerous 5 stars around the world.  it is a perfect hotel to stay in for those that want a pure parisian experience.  a small anecdote associated w the service was when checking in, the taxi's cc machine was not working and he demanded cash and i had no euros yet after just traveling in from london.  the doorman noticed and stepped up and paid for my cab without mention.  from the front desk check-in and the manager pushing to get my rooms available after an early arrival, to the concierge with good recommendations and assistance with reservations and a luxe turndown, it was an experience to remember and worth returning for. this hotel met or exceeded every expectation and will be back.  well done!
"this is an amazing and luxury place to have a tea our a coffee and some cakes or sweets. beautiful salon, with a very competent but formal service. they have the best ""macaron selection"" and capuccino of paris. prices at the same level."
my girlfriend and i stayed here over the weekend during the busy holiday season. we can't express how much we enjoyed our stay. i've stayed all around the world in many luxurious places, this stay stands to be the best! from the time we got there to the time we left, everyone (i truly mean everyone) was over the top courteous, helpful, and kind. we also had to the opportunity to dine at epicure on sunday evening. it was a masterpiece of fine dining, pallet expansion, and true french ambiance. you can understand how and why they have so many michelin stars. also, the location of the hotel couldn't have been any better. perfect walking distance to everything we cared to see.   i'd like to pay particular thanks and compliments to our hotel host, elsa. she was absolutely wonderful! she made us feel so welcome and took incredible care of us. i truly hope when we come back with our family we will have the opportunity to see her again. if you're on the fence with where to stay in paris, look no further, le bristol is it!
elevator is  sight to see.  out of a belle epoque film.  a must stay.  located somewhat away from the hustle and bustle of paris, but close enough.  quiet rooms. staff is wonderful and helpful.  would stay again.
we went for afternoon tea.  luxurious is an understatement, sandwiched, petit fours, cakes, scones with clotted cream and jam, tea and champagne.  everything tasted delicious.  the staff are extremely professional, polite and friendly and the surrounding are elegant and tasteful.  if you want to experience an exceptional afternoon high tea, go to le bristol, you won’t be disappointed
this was my fourth visit within the last few years. as always the staff throughout this hotel are extraordinary: professional and pleasant and so well prepared. the entire concierge team, led by sonia papet, is amazingly organized and successful. this trip the manager, leah,hosted a lovely little party for guests. leah is a wonderful leader. as soon as possible i will return to le bristol- best in the world.
yes it is one the most beautiful buildings in parisyes it is quintessential luxury yes it hosts what is arguably the best restaurant in the world and one of the only starred brasserie in paris yes the garden is the place to be at teatime in summer but what really makes a difference is the outstanding quality of the service, from the maid to the concierge, reception desk or restaurants team, all of these wonderful people genuinely give you the feeling that you are the most important individual on our planet and that they are happy to make you feel pampered just for this, do not miss it
i wanted to find a hotel that would make my husband's first visit to paris special. from the moment you walk into the lobby you know you've entered a special place.  the staff is attentive, friendly, engaging and professional and the service is exceptional.  we will definitely stay here again!
we just returned to the us after staying 2 nights in this beautiful hotel.  from the moment we walked in after a morning of train travel from london, we were treated so warmly by all the staff.  jean marie brulet of guest relations made us feel so comfortable, though we were underdressed from traveling!  he secured lunch reservations for us twice (the marley and lauderee) and was always asking if there was anything we needed when we passed him in the lobby.  he's got a wonderful personality and wit about him.  we stayed in a spacious suite and not a detail was missing (heated towel warmers, state of the art shower, comfy towels, well-stocked mini-bar).  i could go on and on.  food was incredible.  try their signature dessert in the restaurant 144 faubourg--best ever!  if we return to paris, we will definitely stay here again!  first class hotel. thank you!
this was supposed to be a special treat but nothing prepared us for the reality of the best hotel experience we have ever had.from the welcome by the duty manager, the fantastic help from the concierges to the beautiful room and stunning facilities this hotel has nailed it.we ate at l'epicure one night and the three michelin stars are fully justified. brilliant service too but understated and never intimidating. friendly is a word used in a lot of reviews but not always at the most prestigious. le bristol ticks all the boxes and manages to make you think you are in someones's grand home. i am still stunned by  the 55 m2 room. simply the best.
le bristol hotel in paris is one of the most iconic places in paris, the hotel has everything that the luxury traveller needs in order to experience the high quality 5 star service in the hotel, not to mention the facilities in the hotel, such as the great swimming pool on the top of the hotel and the 3 michelin star restaurant where the guests can enjoy their choice of food from the morning to the evening. i would definitely recommend the hotel to every traveller who visits paris to enjoy and experience the real parisian classic feeling
my go to hotel in paris. can’t imagine staying anywhere else. i have been to many top hotels worldwide and this is one of my absolute favorites.this is a classic palace hotel so if you’re looking for something with modern decor you will be disappointed. however it has every modern amenity and then some. the room is amazing, the bathrooms beautiful and the staff incredible. two great restaurants. certainly deserves its status as a palace hotel. jean-marie and ms. marshall seem to know everybody and are everywhere. we had the pleasure of having a drink with ms. marshall and she has a very interesting and impressive history.  they know i will be back. and thank you for the room with a view of the eiffel tower.
staying here was the greatest experience, and one to remember. to truly enhance your visit to paris i recommend staying at this property. the service was impeccable and the detail that goes into looking after hotel guests is impressive. the rooms are gorgeous, cannot fault a thing. the swimming pool on the rooftop was icing on the cake!
le bristolis still one of the best hotels in the world when comes to location, service and facility. it's discreet location makes it even more exciting as you might be seen among the ones you would like to see.  still the best open roof pool and super reasonably priced bar menu for a lunch. concierge is always happy to assist and reception not wasting your time either. lovely hotel in an amazing shape besides amazing history behind. back for fashion week ! merci
the hotel bristol in parís is the most elegant in town, service is gorgeous  and restaurants are very good as well!! classic, elegant and outstanding is not cheap but what you pay worth it. it is very well ubícate just in the heart of the most famous shops! you will love it!
deserves its spot as one of the hotels in paris. the rooms are very spacious for a paris hotel and the food is exquisite. as one  would expect the staff are courteous, helpful and provide an excellent service. we were there for a significant birthday and they made it special for us. would love to return soon
i recently spent two nights at le bristol.  the service is exceptional.  the perfect blend of friendly and professional.  the hotel is incredibly convenient to both the business districts and the major tourism attractions.  my room was elegant, but not overly formal.  i highly recommend le bristol for business or pleasure.
"we spent a fabulous 3 nights weekend at le bristol.  all was perfect from the beginning to the end. the staff is extraordinary, extremely attentive and very very discrete.  you do not notice any of them... and that goes way beyond the price tag this hotel has.... and if you consider 15 euros for a shot of espresso at ""cafe' antonia"" you can imagine the rest!!  in any case we will come back.  the hotel was stunning in an excellent position.  in the future, may be, a larger pool on the roof top, would be the cherry  that we thought was missing!!"
le bristol has consistently delivered the best hotel experience of any hotel i've stayed. i already have my next stay booked. the hotel is beautifully appointed and maintained. from arrival to departure staff provide excellent personable service. the suite was a great size, pristine, with the luxury of an outdoor area to enjoy the summer weather.  the spa is the best of any city hotel i've stayed. dinner at epicure is exceptional. bar du bristol is the perfect location for pre or post dinner drinks. the hotel courtyard and garden is stunning. i'm used to le bristol's service being flawless, however a couple of very minor lapses this stay:- service in cafe antonio fell short of its usual high standard. - turndown both nights was for two, when i was travelling solo.- i have dietary requirements and on recent visits it was very thoughtful to have a vegetarian menu in the room, however there wasn't one on this visit.i'm confident these minor lapses are isolated, however include them for the purpose of a balanced review (and do realise how much leading hotels appreciate constructive client feedback). treat yourself - book a stay!
the location, ambiance and service was truly incomparable. our family was welcomed with open-arms and treated with the utmost courtesy and friendliness by every member of the exceptional staff. traveling with small children and infants and staying at such a lovely hotel could have been a challenge - not so at le bristol paris. i would highly recommend it and hope we can return again someday.
stayed here with my boyfriend on bastille day and received very attentive service from each one of the staff at le bristol. they opened up the suite on the 6th floor for guests to enjoy champagne along with the balcony view for the fireworks. highly recommend this hotel for visitors who are looking for an authentic luxurious experience in paris. concierge team was superb in fulfilling our needs from small snack recommendations to booking our spot at loulou! :)
had a garden suite which looked out over the roses, the garden and patio. every detail of this prestigious establishment has been thought out...from warm towel racks and a bathroom shower that i never wanted to leave--to delicious food served by amicable and impeccably trained staff.  concierge staff is helpful, responsive and kind. it is a five-star hotel visited by dignitaries and stars, yet each customer is made to feel special and appreciated.  the location is perfect and the facility is simply divine.
le bristol is impeccable in every aspect.the staff are polished and welcoming; the food is inspired. our suite was exquisite.jean at the concierge desk surprised us with a special gift for our grandson.le bristol should be on every discerning traveller's bucket list.magnifique!
from the moment you enter the lobby doors, you are treated like royalty. i am a neat freak and upon inspection of my suite (white glove dust test under the bed), it is up to my high standards. this is truly a 5 star location. centrally located to shopping, sightseeing, and restaurants, and nightlife. wonderful grounds, great indoor pool, restaurant and bar. be prepared to pay a high nightly rate, but for a true 5 star property it shows.
had to be in london and paris for businesssand on the way to london, heard the news about yet another terrorist attack so decided to reverse the itinerary. called the hotel from the plane, they found me a great suite and were waiting with open arms, as usual, when i showed up.  perfect location for business or pleasure and flawless property.
from start to finish, an amazing stay.  attention to detail, friendly yet sophisticated service, great restaurant recommendations, the best courtyard for tea or a drink, this grande dame of paris hotels truly has its act together.  have not stayed here for many years but now can't wait to visit again.  thank you le bristol for a wonderfully weekend!
this hotel didn't miss a beat.  great location, beautiful grounds and rooms, service to die for.  margeaux was an absolute doll, and did everything she could to make us feel welcome.  the good looking manager (forgot his name) who is always in the front desk area, he saw to it that we were well taken care of for my birthday and our anniversary. from the champagne waiting for us in our room, to the flowers and candles another night, and the hand written notes, it just made this the most memorable trip ever.  i can't wait to go back to paris and le bristol!!
beautiful afternoon at the bristol! very warm welcome at the reception by valentin. tea in the garden was like milk and honey in the garden of eden. loved fa-raon, the friendly house feline. will definitely come again!
le bristol is a long established and much celebrated palace hotel for good reason: absolutely top drawer stately accommodations that are immaculately kept, superbly run, unmatched cuisine and a noble setting. spa le bristol by la prairie is fresh with daylight and opens onto a pleasant interior garden...114 faubourg is a chic michelin-starred brasserie within the premises of le bristol shimmering with a  lavish interior of gilded columns, floral motifs and a grand staircase. triple michelin-starred chef eric frechon cooks at epicure with true passion.a legend for travelers who are discriminating and want the very best. le bristol truly expresses the art of french living for the world’s most privileged guests.
flawless service. they care for any request you may have. eric frechon is one of the best chefs in town, but the hotel service is even better. the concierges (louissianne and guillaume) are available and very kind. and we met the best host you can ask for, mr. jean marie burlet. thank you very much!
last year i dined at epicure and promised myself that the next time i was in paris, i would stay at this lovely hotel. a year later and i spent an amazing night. i just want to say that fa'roan is such a graceful cat. i was lucky enough to see him on my stay here. the cafe antonia is very chic. breakfast at epicure was fantastic. the staff is very warming and delightful. they have a pool that feels like you're on a yacht on the higher levels of the hotel. the room was lovely. they give you an actual key which i think is very classy and adds to the experience. the room i was in had a balcony with two chairs over looking the gorgeous garden. the bathroom looks like a hollywood vanity mirror with all the light bulbs flashing. women will love this. so, guys be prepared to wait. overall the hotel was an absolute delight. the staff were very friendly and welcoming. definitely coming back for a romantic stay. even for a business stay like mine was, this was luxuriously relaxing.
i have been to the bristol 3 times over the last two years. of course it is a classically beautiful palace hotel, but it is the amazing staff that puts it above all others in my opinion. i travel widely for business and pleasure and have found everyone working at this hotel to be professional, courteous, and very capable. the concierge team has referred me to great restaurants of all kinds across paris and they seem able to arrange just about anything. from reception to room service everyone is genuinely pleasant and skilled. with two starred restaurants helmed by the great eric frechon their food and wines are among the best in paris.     my next visit is already booked. le bristol always  exceeds expectations each visit and deserves every bit of its stellar reputation. at the bristol everyday is special.
a truly extraordinary experience, in a class of its own, pinnacle of  the of the hotel experience.the combination of individualized personalized attention, extraordinary attention to service and detail , stunning facilities, location,  and the best gourmet cuisine make this a truly memorable experience, without exception.in addition, the history of this hotel is truly extraordinary.the place to stay !
outstanding service!!!food..... what a delicate and colourful dishes, ingredients well coordinated and perfectly done!!!next time we visit, we will stay at the hotel apparently the rooms and and the view are unique.
le bristol is one of my favorite hotels in the world and certainly in paris. whenever i come here i feel like i'm coming home. rooms are classically beautiful and the service is absolutely outstanding. it appears there's nothing the concierge or the staff cannot arrange. the location is perfect. well it has all the modern amenities including a pool, the style is classic palatial french. definitely will be back.
it's true that george v is a wonderful hotel, but le bristol has it beat because of the warmth of the atmosphere and the genuine friendliness of the staff. the wednesday evening cocktail party hosted by the hotel is a great place to meet other guests and the senior management. the pool on the roof is one of a kind in paris. the sophisticated atmosphere of le bar du bristol is what you come to paris for.leah marshall, eric regnier and cecile raynaud run this grand hotel and are kind and attentive. their being bilingual doesn't hurt.stay here!
service was remarkable.  by that i mean reception, concierge, room, dining room and even doormen.  concierges were friendly, knowledgeable and above all friendly..  room ladies: 2-4 of them made up room completely each day and took about 30 minutes to do so.  free transportation in central area was available.
we have organized our wedding dinner in this hotel and we could not be more happy about it.the event manager is the sweetest and the most professional we met so far (we visited several other hotels in paris) and thanks to her and the team we spent a magical evening in one of the salons with the access to the garden.we highly recommend this hotel for its discrete but warm atmosphere.on top of it eric frechon's menu is simply perfect, the service is the best in the paris and you will completely forget about all hustle and bustle of paris in their beautiful private garden.thank you emilie & the team for this unforgettable experience!
my teenage children and i stayed for three nights last week, and had the most wonderful stay at this beautiful hotel.  the staff were truly charming and nothing was too much trouble.  particular mentions should go to housekeeping - our room was spotless and i didn't have to chase the evening turndown - and concierge were extremely helpful with my requests for restaurant bookings and recommendations, as well as tickets for versailles, the fondation louis vuitton and the grand palais.  thank you all so much for a truly memorable stay.  i had in fact stayed in december with my husband, and it was the delight of that stay that made me want to return with the children.  i am so glad that i did, and will definitely return at the next opportunity.thank you again for making us feel so welcome and special - i could really get used to it!
just returned from another stay at le bristol - as always, everything was perfect.  nothing was too much trouble, no detail was overlooked and even my favourite uk tv channel was programmed for me.  i cannot recommend it highly enough
located on rue du faubourg saint-honoré, right in the city center of paris, le bristol is part of the oetker collection, a selection of luxury hotels. rooms and suites are decorated in 18th century french-style and very spacious. staff is bilingual, very friendly and professional. fitness center, spa and swimming pools are available. everything is perfect for a luxury stay!
"this hotel is discreet, timeless, elegant, sophisticated and chic. le bristol surpasses my expectations every time. the refined understated elegance, impeccable service and upmost discretion are its most valuable assets. the staff is courteous, friendly, helpful and most definitely will do their best to accommodate your every need. this hotel embodies the essence of ""chic parisienne"" with an ambience of sophisticated taste. having tea or grabbing a quick bite at the hotel can be one of the most gratifying experiences where you find beautiful parisians as well as hotel guests enjoying delights in a lovely scene that reminds me of the belle époque. their rooms are spacious with an elegant decor that reflects the delicate balance between comfort and design. the location is perfect, you are right on rue du faubourg-saint-honoré and just steps away from champs-élysées.  i fell in love with le bristol the moment i stayed there for the first time, and i go back to it every time i visit paris. if you truly want a parisian experience i suggest you stay at le bristol. it's my home away from home in the city of lights."
simply the most marvellous hotel in paris: the service is without equal (from room service, to concierge to restaurant and bar staff); the hotel is beautiful; the facilities (including swimming pool and spa) are excellent; the main restaurant, l'epicure, is sensational; the breakfast is terrific; and the manager is outstanding. it's the hotel you've always wanted. it's very expensive, but it's entitled to be.
my husband and i stayed here for our honeymoon how lucky am i?! i felt like a disney princess it literally seemed like a fairytale. service was impeccable and food was good too. if we ever come back this is the only hotel we'll be spending our money on.
beautiful hotel well located . went to celebrate my daughters 15th birthday and we arrived at the hotel late in the evening and found a beautiful cake in the room. the gym is quite small and can get crowded easily, but the facilities are good. the pool is a must , with an amazing view over paris . the breakfast is very good . the room was great  and the toilets very good too. the staff is very friendly and helpful, they will do everything possible to help you organize everything you want. i will return with my little babies as i realized the hotel is very family friendly. loved it!
had yesterday evening the great pleasure to join a group dinner at le bristol for 4 course dinner with different associated wines.  excellent quality of the food, perfect prepared but - and i appreciate a lot - presented in a conservative way with fancy deco and with understandable menu  cards. on my own i would have chosen a younger white wine for the first course but still super good.
hello jean-marie burlet, i am sending this note on behalf of my family and me to thank you and your staff for a wonderful stay at le bristol hotel last week. your warm and professional attention to every detail made our visit to paris exceptional.  caroline and matthew can’t stop talking about our trip.  you certainly made their first visit to the city of light one they will always remember.i have attached a poor quality photo of our dog jigger as we gave him the wonderful blanket you had made with his name on it.  we are thinking of tying it into a scarf for him. very french! jean-marie, we consider you a friend.  le bristol will be our paris home in the years to come.  and please let us know if you visit the states as we would be honored to return the hospitality. yours truly, timothy, ann, caroline and matthew mikula
"stayed here for a ""treat"" night recently and it was fantastic. the stand out feature was the staff who just blew me away. of course you expect a certain level of service but everyone from the front desk to wait staff to room cleaners just went above and beyond. the roof top pool was lovely to have a dip in. it's only small but very adequate. the price of ""add ons"" is quite staggering but of course you could say you'd expect that. if you're a qatari in for a week's shopping, it's probably nothing, but as an average joe punter who'd saved up for a treat with my other half and come across on the eurostar it was an eye opener. a basket of pastries and two coffees? about gbp50. same for two drinks in the (very nice) bar. yes, i know, i know, it goes with the territory but we certainly popped out for coffee and croissant the next day. if you are a mere mortal and not a middle eastern prince and you want a treat hotel for a special occasion i would heartily recommend le bristol: it is grand and elegant and very friendly without being at all stuffy whatsoever. i can only dream about coming back again and certainly hope to do so, i think i'm just a bit in love with the place."
we just spent a few days in paris at le bristol and have to say that it was fantastic.  the staff, the property and everything was remarkable.  everyone went out of their way to make our stay an unforgettable one.  we look forward to our next stay at le bristol.
"most high end parisian hotels offer an afternoon team time but i had never tried them. on a special occasion, we went to the bristol (one of the few that does not require a booking) and were absolutely delighted by the decor, the service and the delicious food. the ""thé complet"" menu includes a hot beverage and a ""mountain"" of savory and sweet sandwiches, scones and pastries. i am a big fan of scones and they were served with excellent orange marmalade. we had a wonderful time out of the hustle and bustle of rue saint-honoré. i highly recommend it."
i haven't had such an excellent and professional service for many years. except the last time i was at le bristol back in 2010. it's still one of the few hotels in paris left in european hands. they are always pending and looking into the last details to better serve you.it's a real keeper.
i fell in love with le brisitol during my visit to paris last month. i usually stay with a competitor hotel but this time i decided to have lunch at epicure in le bristol. you cannot go wrong with anything on the menu, the white truffle mushroom soup is my favorite! i decided to visit the spa after. angelica took really good care of me. i left feeling like a new woman. i eventually asked for a tour of the rooms and was quickly accommodated. several years of experience made jean marie an unmatched toure guide. i eventually came back for dinner and drinks in the swanky hotel bar. needless to say, i highly recommend le bristol for anyone who fancies an epicurean lifestyle and who values outstanding customer service
i really don't know if the ritz hotel in paris is far more expensive than the le bristol, but it must be since in my company they don't send us to the ritz but they used to send us to le bristol, which is pointed as one of the finest luxury hotels in the city. it is in the center of the city, in fabourg saint honoré, so you can easily reach any part of town. apart from being all luxury, you really feel at home, with classic but beautiful decoration, including antiques in lobbies and common spaces. rooms are huge, sunny (when sunny in paris) and spacious. absolutely recommended for a magnificent memoir of your trip to paris.
amazing hotel, true luxury, the staff make you feel like royalty, nothing is too much trouble. i had my breakfast in my room and the elegant trolley that arrived with the most amazing spread of food i have ever seen, always fresh flowers in my room each day. the evening meal that we enjoyed in the restaurant was a true taste sensation again the staff were so attentive. i visited for a birthday treat with a friend and it will be a trip i will never forget. the hotel is ideally located to see the sites of paris, we hired one of the hotels cars and drivers to be taken around the sites it was excellent he stopped whenever we wanted to get out and investigate or to have some lunch. the hotel and its staff made me feel like a princess during my stay, i look forward to visiting again when i am in the city.
excellent fine hotel in paris. the staff is very well trained and they give you excellent service starting by the door staff. they take your luggage. and they take care from there. breaksfast at antoine is a very nice event, with a beatifull view of the garden. the rooms are nice, sometimes small; but the bathroom is super. the concierges  do an excellent job. is expensive but is worth you money
we spend a week summer vacation in paris and we were delighted to stay at le bristol. the staff are incredible attentive and wants to help you all the time. every morning we use to have a breakfast sometimes outside which is incredible, the food and the service are terrific. if you stay there you must have to go to the 3 star michelin restaurant called epicure, is outstanding. everything were perfect, we really loved it and we will be back very soon.
wonderful hotel and excellent servicethis hotel is a very special gem in paris that makes you feel comfortablei use the spa and would give this hotel 6 stars if i could i stayed over the holidays and it was wonderful
an amazing experience.hotel is stunning.food is fantasticstaff is solicitous and friendly christmas holiday decorations were stunning.the house cat adds a wonderful to the hotel's ambience. worth the price.
if you're planning a visit to paris, look no further than le bristol. from arrival to departure, staff provide an unparalleled level of customer service with great attention to detail. the hotel is beautifully appointed, understated in its elegance, has one of the best restaurants you can find (the 3 michelin-starred epicure), and also has an excellent spa. from my first stay i found the hotel to be exceptional - and as a returning guest i enjoy each visit as much (if not more) than my first, with staff providing a truly warm welcome. i'm fortunate to be able to travel frequently, and no hotel provides the experience that le bristol does. 8 stays and counting!
luxurious, classy, a fantastic attention to customer service experienced across at least 10 interactions with different staff.this is hotel at its very best. the cost is of course to match. expect to pay at minima the price of an expensive restaurant for the room service.
we have stayed at many of the 5* hotels of paris, is is by far the best hotel.the attention to service, welcome, facilities, location and atmosphere make this the best we have experienced in paris. we stayed to celebrate our wedding anniversary and staff went out of their way to cater to every need. my wife is coeliac and so dining can be difficult, the staff at both of the restaurants made the whole experience delightful. if you are considering 5* paris hotels ... this is the best!
le bristol is one of my favorite hotels in the world and certainly in paris. whenever i come here i feel like i'm coming home. rooms are classically beautiful and the service is absolutely outstanding. it appears there's nothing the concierge or the staff cannot arrange. the location is perfect. well it has all the modern amenities including a pool, the style is classic palatial french. definitely will be back.
i was fortunate enough to stay at the stunning le bristol for 2 nights recently.the hotel is absolutely beautiful, all made even more special as their christmas decorations and trees had just been put up.staff, service as expected were first class and the food was delicious.a good gym also which i used on both days (it was needed after such great breakfasts!).i could not recommend enough.
my husband and i recently stayed here for our 25th wedding aniversay and were suitably impressed with the location, the service, the coffee/pain au chocolat (yum!), and the room. this was a truly charming boutique hotel in the ideal location. plenty of delicious restaurants within walking distance.the room was beautiful, a beautiful bathroom and the bed was very comfortable and relaxing after each day of urban hiking at least 8 miles. wi greatly appreciated our warm welcome from reception team. the service from the entire staff was exceptionally high quality. thank you
having had the pleasure to stay at most of paris's luxury hotels, i have no hesitation in referring le bristol to the most particular of guest.  general manager leah is usually in the foyer welcoming guests and she is a delight.  so refreshing to see the gm constantly wandering around the various areas of the hotel speaking to the guests.  our junior suite was extremely spacious with 2 full bathrooms, a walk in robe, and large sleeping/living area.  the bars and restaurants are all superb.  i can't recommend le bristol highly enough.  it is elegant and classy but superbly friendly.  the staff are engaging and lovely.
stayed for 2 days of business and then 3 days of pleasure. a perfect classic family run hotel. attention to detail is amazing and the service orientation of staff is impeccable. everyone we met was keen to serve, happy and very efficient. thank you for a very relaxing stay. spa was awesome!! location is unbeatable.
the best hotel i have ever experienced. perfect balance of elegance, with unparalleled warmth and friendliness. the staff was incredible in every way and when in paris i will definitely choose le bristol.
i have been planning my proposal to my girlfriend for the past 6 months and was looking for the perfect hotel in paris. a friend mentioned that if i was going to do it in paris, there was only one hotel worth looking at. she recommended the le bristol and after looking at the website i booked it straight away. i emailed the reception team my plan and the response was immediate and they completely understood what i wanted. when i arrived at the hotel they seemed so pleased to be part of a special occasion. walking into the hotel is an experience itself and without doubt the best hotel i've been too. the level of service was incredible and i commend all the staff but special mention to jean-marie and joscha who went above and beyond to make the day so special. they upgraded us to the suite and provided rose petals and champagne at the turndown service. throughout our stay you were made to feel like part of a family and so welcoming. the drinks at the bar were a good way to start the evening and the breakfast the next day in cafe antonia was special too. my girlfriend had the best experience of her life and i can put a lot of that down to the service from the hotel. we aim to come back every year to celebrate this special occasion. thank you
there is no question in my mind that the finest lodging experience in paris can be found on the rue du faubourg saint honore at le bristol. from the moment the bellmen address you by name on your initial arrival you know that you are at your home away from home in paris. the level service is simply exceptional and lovely touches abound throughout your room and the rest of the hotel. do not walk to this hotel, run! i promise that you will not be disappointed.
le bristol stands out for its exceptional level of service. i was so well looked after, i really did not want to leave. everyone was so friendly and helpful. superb hotel. it really doesn't get better than this. can't wait to return.
the bristol has become our home-away-from-home in paris.  with its deal location,  elegant furnishings, impeccable service with many of the staff members greeting us by name on sight, it never fails to surpass our expectations.
my husband and i usually stay on the left in st germain de pres but i was afforded the opportunity to stay at le bristol with a friend. the hotel is elegant but not formal, classy not snobbish, and the service is perfection!  everyone knows your name and has a genuine desire to please.  always with a huge smile!  (i'd be smiling all of the time, too, if i lived in paris!). spacious rooms and fantastic bathroom.  j'adore le bristol!!!!!!
"we had the opportunity to stay at this incredible palace hotel for our 22nd anniversary in october. this hotel is simply the most perfect hotel we have ever stayed at. the service is exquisite with no detail left unattended. this all starts at the top with hotel manager leah marshall and her staff. in particular there is sonia and jean - francois at the concierge desk, charlie in room service, the incredible maxime in the hotel bar and of course, chef eric and that amazing staff that creates such lovely gastronomy delights not only to the stomach and palate but also with our eyes. we truly felt like we were ""part of the family"" while in this hotel. the communication between the departments is obvious and truly overwhelming. we felt completely at home and comfortable and well taken care of.we could go on and on about the beautiful suite, 114, the wednesday cocktail social, the unique cocktails in the bar, but you have to experience all of this to truly appreciate the perfection.thank you leah!"
great balcony overlooking the garden - service was particularly good . . . of course the room was spacious, of course the bathroom was covered in marble and water pressure was strong, of course the bed was firm and the linens were crisp  . . . and the service was great . . . friendly, competent, confident and professional. great experience.
service levels exceptionally high. attentive staff everywhere.  in a beautiful part of paris next to the presients house. immaculately clean and well stocked rooms. beautifully decorated in classic french style.
wonderful stay!!!  just like midnight in paris!!our room was spacious... beautiful french decor.loved the key! and more over the key holder... simple details make your stay unique.loved the bar, the service, great croissants, when in paris... the bristol.
the location, luxury, and garden are all what makes le bristol one of the best choices in paris. let me talk about the garden; it is a fall in love from the first sight, you could sit or walk around, located in the middle with a gorgeous fountain. a palace you would love.
stayed here last year and loved the island of peace, tranquillity and luxury. staff attentive. booked through grand luxury hotels and benefited from guaranteed room upgrade and free daily breakfast. centrally located.  pure luxury, right up there with crillon, ritz, maurice, george v, etc.
luxury all the way with very beautiful interior design and the fit out is of very high quality. the location is perfect, in the heart of art district , easy walking to the  champs elysees.  also must pay a visit to the epicure restaurant
extraordinary luxury hotel; personal service from the time you enter the door until you leave.  my wife and i stayed for four nights as our home base in paris for the first time.  the concierge desk helped us with transportation, recommended restaurants and acquired tickets to a concert at the sainte chapelle.  coming in late one night we were welcomed by the house cat who provided a sense of home amid a beautiful and luxurious setting.  expensive but worth every euro!
this is a beautiful hotel in the shopping district of paris.the hotel has old world chard with cats relaxing all over the lobby.the service of the hotel was great but the concierge really messed up my eurostar ticket to london. instead of buying paris-london, they bought me the other way around and i had to wait 3 hours in the train station for the next train.the pool side is super cool and vintage and looks like a wooden boat.must have coffee in the outdoor verandah.
"we recently had the pleasure of staying 5 nights at le bristol with our family (kids ages 6 and 9) and it was one of the highlights of our trip to europe. while it was without question expensive, it was also without question easily the best service i have ever had at a hotel. a few standout moments:- united airlines lost my luggage on our flight over (eventually found), and the concierge immediately took over the task of calling united to track it down and get it delivered and offered to launder the clothes i had with me for free until my luggage arrived.- at check-in, in the kids' room they had mini robes, stuffed animals, as well as cookies and juice.- they handled all of our dinner reservations and had very helpful opinions on what restaurants would be both nice and willing to accommodate small children.- their own restaurant (114 faubourg) was great for both kids and adults. my husband asked if they could get the kids ""some sort of fruit"" to go with their dinners, and they immediately provided a beautifully arranged plate of mixed berries like something out of a magazine.- breakfast each day (in the l'epicure location) was a real treat, as was lunch there (without the kids). my daughter couldn't believe they brought a small table each day for me to set my purse on instead of the floor (""here comes the purse table!"").- the concierge even helped my kids track down the resident cat.all in all, i felt like even though the hotel is incredibly sophisticated that they were genuinely welcoming of the kids, and as a consequence we never felt out of place (well, maybe except when my kids were making a lot of noise in the hotel pool, but hard to blame the hotel for that). my daughter asked if we could move there (alas, no).the only ""negative"" i would have is that the location itself is a bit far from things that interest the kids (it is probably most convenient for the high-end shopping area, but a bit further afield from the tourist attractions near the louvre, etc.). but, still very central to paris and a short enough walk or a quick taxi / metro ride.i am still wincing a bit over the cost, but in the end it was worth it. a really special place...we'd definitely go back!"
having the good fortune of staying in a number of top paris hotels, we decided to try the bristol, wondering how great could it be.  we were delighted to discover that we would rank it #1. we stayed in a lovely suite comparable to other high end accommodations in the city. the difference is that the service at the bristol is second to none. it was striking to us that the head of guest services was always in the lobby ensuring that we and every guest received exceptional and personalized service. we experienced that same commitment to proactive, friendly, over-the-top service during every minute of our 5 night stay.  note:  if you find yourself near the hotel in midday, we recommend the patio restaurant for lunch.  we can't wait to return.
we stayed in the penthouse and it was beautiful our very own home in paris. the entire team from concierge to room service was fantastic. loved the restaurants and the spa i had a facial treatment it was luxurious. i will definitely be back! i am an animal lover and i enjoy seeing the residence cats!
i would like to thank le bristol for making our recent stay the most memorable ever!  this was our first visit to the hotel and the moment we entered the lobby we felt welcome and cared for.  margaux checked us in and she was so charming, warm, professional, and enthusiastic with attention to every detail-and a splitting image of audrey hepburn with the same grace and style-she is a great asset to the front desk.  the upgrade to the junior suite was a wonderful surprise and greatly appreciated.  from the welcome bottle of moet champagne and the roses on our bed at turn down, to the candles in the bathroom and the views of the eiffel tower lit up at night, it was all so magical!our dinner at epicure (3 michelin stars well deserved) on friday of our arrival was the best meal we have ever had!  the breakfasts in the morning were equally divine.in total, it was the most memorable hotel experience we have experienced and will not be forgotten.  you are truly the best!merci beaucoup!  we will never stop singing the praises of le bristol and hope to visit you again.with deep gratitude,mark and melissa
this was my third stay at le bristol and it was even better than the two previous stays. polished, professional and friendly service, combined with meticulously kept accommodation equals a magnificent stay.
"where do i start ? from the minute my wife and i returned to le bristol with our three grandchildren for a two week stay at the le bristol we were greeted by sweet leah marshall, hotel director as well as jean-marie burlet with there wonderful ""welcome home"" to us and our grandchildren.this was my wife and my third stay therthe amazing head concierge sonia papet and her wonderful staff planned so many wonderful experiences for all of us throughout our stay as well as the entire staff taking care of all of our wishes and need, we lacked nothing.my wife and i have been blessed to be able to travel the world and never have we stayed at a hotel like le bristol."
"this is my favourite hotel. i wanted to stay here for a very long time and my fiancee's 30th birthday was the perfect occasion to give it a try. the hotel itself is magnificent. no expense has been spared in its decoration or it's maintenance. every inch of it is absolutely gorgeous! there isn't a speck of dirt or dust on or in this building. the decor is awesome.then it has been filled with the most fabulous, charming, intelligent staff anywhere. the concierge is on another level entirely! like the ones in all of the classic movies that you wished existed but just know you will never, ever meet. think of the ""society of the crossed keys"" scene in ""the grand budapest hotel"" :-)  the cocktail bar (through reception, passing the lifts and on the right) is magnificent. it is a cosy, dark, opulent hideaway with the best cocktails in paris and an ever so slightly more contemporary feel to it than the rest of the building.the main bar (where the perfect breakfast is served) is beautiful and the atmosphere is very relaxed.then there is the multi-award winning epicure restaurant. the chef is is responsible for three michelin star grade dining and it is utterly faultless. the brilliant concierge looked after us and persisted in successfully searching for a table for us for my fiancee's 30th birthday dinner even though the date had been fully booked for 3 weeks ( i know because i checked...repeatedly) it is don't-ask-how-much-it-is expensive but it really, really doesn't matter. it is a genuine experience and privilege to eat there and if you get the opportunity just do it. i informed them of my dietary requirements in advance and it was absolutely no problem whatsoever. the pool and spa is situated in the top level of the building. it is decorated with a nautical theme and the ceiling and walls are hand painted to put you on the deck of an early 1900's sailing yacht. the view outside is an unforgettable one of the rooftops of paris with all of the national flags waving in front. if you stay here you have to give it a try. i'm told by my fiancee that the spa is fabulous and the treatments are the best available.one thing i couldn't wait to see as soon as i booked was a legend i heard about a few years before: fa-raon! fa-raon is a magnificent cat that resides and roams with absolute freedom in the hotel with his sidekick kléopatre. they are rarely seen and are so at ease around strangers that they are usually oblivious to your existence - so parisian! i managed (after three days of looking) to snap both of them together (apparently a rare site) drinking... at the bar. no matter who you are or which room you booked (all of them are fabulous) you will most likely meet the manager. she is exactly the person you would imagine would be running this unforgettable place. she makes every effort to meet all guests but not in that cringey, cheesy, obligated, ""hi guys, enjoying your stay? good!"" kind of way. more a kind of casual and genuinely interested sense. this place is a benchmark and an institution. if you can, you must."
"whether it's your first stay, or you're a frequent guest, le bristol provides a truly exceptional experience unmatched by other hotels. it has become a regular stop of mine on any trip i make to europe, having stayed on seven occasions over the last few years.firstly the hotel itself - exquisite, beautifully maintained & understatedly elegant. in terms of facilities, there's an excellent spa, a small yet well equipped gym, rooftop pool, two michelin starred restaurants, a couple of bars and a stunning inner courtyard. it's not difficult to see how it was first to be awarded france's elite ""palace"" category hotel classification. from arrival to departure, staff positively excel at exceptional customer service in every customer interaction. their attention to the smallest detail makes your stay something truly memorable.paris has its fair share of luxury hotels, however i'd never think of staying anywhere else other than le bristol.my thanks to the tremendous team under the superb management of leah marshall for another excellent stay!tips - treat yourself to:- one of the many spa treatments (my recommendation is their signature 2-masseuse massage). their spa is the best of any city hotel i've stayed.- lunch in the courtyard (weather permitting of course).- dinner at eric frechon's epicure restaurant (it'll be one of the best - if not the best - meal you'll have had).- pre or post dinner drinks in the charming bar du bristol (excellent djs throughout the week)."
"this is the best hotel i have ever stayed in. it is beautiful with an exceptional staff. we checked in with  a young gal with a beautiful, kind smile that did not stop the whole time we were with her. she was wonderful, helpful and efficient. i can't recall a better check in experience. we were upgraded from a junior suite to a 2 room suite, one of the benefits of dealing with a virtuoso travel agent. it was an incredible room. the living room was beautifully appointed and as large as most european hotel rooms. the bedroom was spacious with an incredibly comfortable bed. the bathroom was large with lots of counter and storage space. the concierge staff was as kind and helpful as the reception staff. we had dinner at the ""1 star"" restaurant and had excellent food and service. alicia was our waitress and she was superb. we are heading back to the hotel next week for a couple of nights and can't wait to again luxuriate in what has to be one of the finest hotels in the world."
there have been many great reviews of this hotel. i can only rave about our experience at le bristol. the hotel is magnificent.  stunning floral arrangements are abundant in the public spaces which are luxurious and elegant, as was our room..  the staff go way and beyond in their desire to ensure that your stay is pleasurable in every way.  afternoon tea( good selection of teas) in the garden listening to the harpist was heavenly. from beginning to end our few days at le bristol were a most memorable experience, and to date is my best ever hotel experience. helped in part  by the fact that it is in my favourite city, paris
most high end travelers would know this is a top place to stay, but the staff here go one better. not only does the beautiful decor understate the elegance of this hotel but the staff are so professional you move almost unnoticed with detailed service.three examples of this was; in the room, i set up my laptop to do some work and was using the mouse on a book cover. after returning from dinner, the book had been replaced with a mouse pad. at breakfast, we requested weak black tea and in doing so asked for a pot of tea and the pot of hot water. both were duly delivered, then a little later the waitress returned with a small dish advising that is we wanted to remove the teabag from the pot we could place in the dish. and finally on checkout, one of the very first questions was did i need a taxi which i replied that i have prearranged a car which was due shortly. quietly another staff member slipped out to let the doormen know that i was expecting a car. the she proceeded to do all the normal check out stuff with the account which again was totally painless. that is the sort of detail you can expect here along with very friendly and professional service from every staff member. and yes, we did receive a double upgrade which was very mush appreciated. with all we had on, we did not get to experience either of their michelin star restaurants - yes they have two! so we will be back and stay a little longer next time. three days was not enough. i have no idea what is considered the best location rooms but you cannot go wrong overlooking the beautiful court yard garden.
where does one start to describe a hotel that is perfectly magical?  from the magnificent architecture and decor and the premier location to the most important part which is the incredible people who run le bristol, it makes you feel as if this is your home away from home.  from the moment my wife and i stayed at le bristol on our way to and from our safari in africa in may 2016 with friends, we knew that we would plan to return in july for our annual two week vacation with our grandchildren.  our accommodations were perfect for our 2 week stay.  the entire team, including the amazing concierge team, took care of every detail of planning our tours of paris, side trips to loire valley and normandy, and wonderful dining experiences in the hotel and other perfect paris bistros. our grandchildren are still talking about how incredible everyone at le bristol was to them. my wife and i have enjoyed many beautiful cities and lovely hotels throughout the world, but i can say unequivocally that le bristol is the best of the best.
we brought our children and grandchildren to paris for 2 weeks and stayed at le bristol.  the management of the hotel made us feel like family. we had gorgeous and spacious rooms that were impeccable.  the incredible staff took care of us beautifully.  the entire le bristol team took care of our every need, from reservations, to transportation, to guides, to spa reservations, and on and on, flawlessly.  every meal in the beautiful restaurants located in the hotel and even the room service was perfectly delicious and beautifully prepared.  there were even special treats awaiting our grandchildren and us in our rooms every evening.  we cannot wait to return to the beautiful le bristol.  our wonderful new friends there made us feel like we were at home away from home.  it was magical!
we were fortunate to stay in a lovely suite during a 3 night weekend break in feb 2016. from the moment you step into the lobby and are greated by the front desk, you feel the style and class of this historic hotel.the rooms were classic, but with modern amenities. the pool area was being refurbished during our stay (although it would have been much to cold to enjoy it) but the view up there are amazing. loved every minute of our stay!
we took the family across europe for a whistle stop. we had both stayed at le bristol for work so decided to take the family there. we had a perfect interconnecting suite and the staff and service were 5 star. the views of the eiffel tower from our balconies highlighted the pleasure and excitement there is in paris.  the euro football was perfectly arranged and the added light show each night from the tower mirrored our trip to paris and the bristol. excellent.
a wonderful hotel , located in one of the most chic streets in paris, with large and beautifully decorated bedrooms, exceptional restaurant. all internal people are very  educated. i will return , surely with my wi-fi and family. desserves the five atara.
we recently stayed at le bristol, and cannot rave more about a hotel.  we are seasoned travelers and have stayed at many 5 star properties, but le bristol outshines them all.  from the warm greeting as you enter, to the attentive, but not smothering service you receive throughout, le bristol is the perfect hotel.  the location is excellent, the rooms sumptuous, the restaurant- epicure- divine.  but what makes le bristol stand out is the staff.you are treated like family, that is if you are a member of the royal family.  we hated to leave and cannot wait to come back.
i stopped by for lunch at epicure and toured the grounds of le bristol before sitting down to eat. this hotel exudes all of the class and charm of a palatial abode, with courtyard and gardens to suit the most royal taste. the rooms are elegant and lavishly decorated, and the staff are humble, unassuming, and eager to show off this beautiful old gem.
we stayed here for a weekend and it was wonderful ,very friendly ,helpful staff ,beautiful room over looking the courtyard and most importantly one of the best designed bathrooms i have ever stayed in, large, bright and with a big shower .will most definitely stay here again on our next visit to paris .
we were upgraded to a junior suite which was very spacious, well designed and comfortable. the bathroom was large with 2 sinks , bathtub and separate shower. the hotel is located in the heart of paris. it seemed like the entire hotel staff doted on us to make sure we were happy and well taken care of.  we had a wonderful 2 day stay at le bristol.the concierge service was great - they chose 2 great restaurants for dinner and helped us with our day plans too.
"best thing about this fantastic hotel is the staff...they go above and beyond to make your stay special. food divine, rooms lovely, warm lobby and great bar! walk out the door to the finest shops and restaurants. we feel like we are in our paris ""home"" each time we stay."
visited lots of hotel in paris.  this one is just perfect if you're up for staying here.  my second stay here and not a singly disappointment.  everything from the decoration to service to food is just....exquisite.
set in the heart of the city within easy walking distance of anything you ever wanted to do or see in the city. a haven of peace and tranquility with the most beautiful garden- it helped that the sun shone for both days! one small criticsm- the cheapest glass of wine in the bar was 22 euros and it wasn't very nice.
amazing all round. service, food, staff, all brilliant. this hotel stay left me feeling like a princess in a castle, very spoilt and very happy. our stay in paris was short but sweet and le bristol added to its charm and elegance.
fabulous hotel, service, level of rooms and service.stay fir 5 days on business. close to all the main sites too. luxurious, comfortable, staff so professional and attentive with the added bonus of a swimming pool, steam room, gym facility....simply the bed in paris and only 5 minutes from the champs elyesses.fantastic!
a warm welcome, a beautiful lobby, a very comfortable room, and extremely friendly and professional team made this brief business trip a great place to stay.as for the location, it cannot be better. the bed was large and comfortable and the room on an inner courtyard was quiet.the bathroom was large and well appointed.i took a night cap i the charming bar bristol which was not too lively but it was a tuesday night.in all it felt like paris should be: elegant, sophisticated and charming.i will definitely come back soon and hopefully stay for fun and see more of this hotel.
travel good portions of the world and eventually you will come to know  when you have arrived. a certain palpable feeling comes over a person at times and when arriving at le bristol, you will have that feeling. arriving and staying at this luxurious destination is a treat not to be forgotten. the decor, the setting, the rooms, the meals and especially the staff all combine to reinforce this feeling you have arrived.  vive le bristol
i have never stayed at a hotel where service was so extensive. at the drop of a hat, your every wish is accomodated. gorgeous furnishings, beautiful people, and the staff are truly caring and service oriented. while the most pricey of hotels, this hotel can't be beat. oetker collection hotel. our personal concierge met us upon arrival.
we spent 5 days and 4 lovely nights at le bristol.  the service was impeccable.  we celebrated both of our 50th birthdays as well as our 25th wedding anniversary on this trip.  the staff at le bristol gave us celebrity treatment.  first, we arrived early at about 10am and our room was ready!  we toured paris from 11am until 4pm and came back to our room to find champagne and an amazing chocolate egg shaped mousse treat.  it was a spectacular surprise!  the next day we mentioned that we were not able to make reservations at jules verne in the eiffel tower.  by night fall, le bristol successfully made a reservation for us on our last night.  did i mention the beautiful red roses and petals draped throughout our room and bathroom?  thank you le bristol, your staff made our stay a memory we will always cherish!
excellent location with 5-star-service. each room has his own single charm, starting from the layout, the furniture, the flowers and the colors. you will see the house cats wandering around the french garden and the hotel. i really like the rooms in the new wing. the ceiling is very high and the colors are bright and refreshing. additionally you have a great view to the eiffel tower if you have rooms on the top corner floors.
super hotel. very well located and superior rooms and excelent service. staff us very cooperative and consierges excellent. i will be back soon. restaurant 114 is very good the somelier and wine list super
paris has so many options this is by far the best. the staff is the best. they know what true hospitality service is. the rooms are to class. i was treated like a vip. my frequent visits to paris now have an added reason.
my husband originally stayed here for business and was so impressed immediately booked this our hotel for our vacation to paris. what a wonderful stay! the hotel is elegant, oozing french charm and luxury. our room was large and spacious with closet space galore. beautifully styled. the old world elevator was a treat. but aside from just looks, this hotel is by far the best in service. the service and staff were absolutely top notch, incredible, friendly and attentive. we can't say enough about their attention to detail. on easter, we found a beautiful chocolate egg left in our room- i have to wonder.. did they put this in there after we told them we were on our way to church? can they be that attentive? it was just magical! thank you, le bristol. our stay in paris was magnificent and we couldn't have asked for a better hotel stay. we hope to return.
staff at the top of their game. rooms are very well appointed with high quality furnishings. breakfast is good if you eat in the restaurant but it gets fully booked. the lounge alternative is not as good.
beautiful hotel we visit paris often during fashion weeks and we love to stay at le bristol; it's truly spectacular. you will brush shoulders with celebrities, designers and other high profile individuals that walk through le bristol doors often. location is fantastic you can walk to all major landmarks ...
we visited le bristol in august and it was a truly magical experience. the staff were perfection, the facilities were magnificent, this cannot be beaten. our experience here will stay with us a lifetime- a must do!
perfect hotel for anyone traveling. clean comfortable rooms, great helpful staff, fantastic restaurant, great location. i will definitely be staying here again next time im in paris. i give this a five star rating
we have stayed at the le bristol several times - and each time it is a very special treat.  you can not find better personalized service, beautifully decorated, immaculate and well appointed rooms.   the staff is amazing - very courteous and helpful and always remembering us by name. the location is perfect - walking distance to most of the wonderful sights of paris.  even our little dog was graciously welcomed at the hotel with her own louis xv styled bed, two small bowls placed on a starched linen mat with her own bottle of evian water.  she definitely wants to go back! - as do we.
been here during an autumn excursion, with multiple stops around france with my fiancee. the weather was gentle to enjoy the city, and this hotel has a great location, and worth it to spend here a little more, because of the superb service you get
my title feels like an understatement. if you want a true parisian experience this is the place to stay. the beauty, the ambience, the amazing staff.... we've been to many fine hotels all over the world but i can truly say this was my favorite. make sure you take the time to look at the book about the hotel that's placed in the room. the hotel has a very interesting history. we were celebrating my birthday and i was surprised by a beautiful spread of deserts and champagne. i can't wait to go back.
simply the best hotel in paris.  the staff treat you as family and the rooms are huge by paris standards.  i can't fault anything.  great location opposite the presidential palace.  only complaint is that sometimes it's hard to get into.
i’ve had the pleasure of staying at hotel le bristol on a number of occasions in the last few years, and can confidently say it provides a hotel experience like no other. from arrival to departure, staff show a genuine warmth and desire to exceed in customer service. they value returning guests and, from your first visit, staff provide a truly exceptional service that makes you want to come back time and time again. i’ve already booked my next stay. more detail…an excellent arrival experience – immediately greeted as a returning guest, and within a couple of minutes being escorted to the room. the deluxe suite, located in the newer wing, was well appointed and spacious – separate lounge and bedroom (each with their own entrance), and two bathrooms (one with separate shower). breakfast at epicure was excellent (the poached eggs are a must); lunch at le jardin francais was very enjoyable. and dinner at epicure outstanding. the spa is the best i’ve experienced of a city hotel anywhere – with a broad range of treatments and excellent staff. there’s a charming rooftop pool in the style of a ship, and small but well equipped gym. checkout was friendly and efficient. a big thanks to leah and her exceptional team for another very enjoyable stay!
simply one of the best experiences of a hotel of this level. two excellent dining options ( michel roux jnr was at the next table at their brasserie de luxe, 114 faubourg), and the staff , without exception, were charming,helpful and ensured that we will make le bristol our home whenever we are in paris.
superb hotel, very elegant and spacious rooms with stylish furniture , excellent food, two gourmet restaurants, very tranquilent garden, near most of the attractions of paris. absolutely wonderful and helpful staff.  worth every euro you pay
amazing hotel- stayed here with friends who had been previously and the visit exceeded all expectations. we were in paris before moving into a new apartment. the concierge is extremely attentive, friendly and effective- we ate a michelin starred restaurants nearly every night. the rooms are gigantic by paris standards, with gorgeous marble bathrooms and fresh nectarines on the table every day. our room opened onto a terrace which was adjacent to the hotel's rose garden which was absolutely gorgeous. we celebrated 2 birthdays during the stay and each time recevied a lovely chocolate cake in the room. the gym is small but well-equipped. the pool is adorable and the lounge chairs outside were great for an afternoon nap. we even returned two months later for tea and the staff remembered us, which really impressed me. we ate in all the restaurants, 114 faubourg, epicure, and le jardin francais, and had great experiences in all three. definitely recommend!
very nice hotel and good staff , we enjoy our stay,, very good location and  very good price .. we come back again for enjoy our vacation.. food was excellent  more over chef was superb and he made a good
upgraded to beautiful two room suite overlooking interior garden.  impeccable service from the entire staff, exceptional meal in the 114 faubourg restaurant. would highly recommend this to anyone looking for quiet elegance in an ideal location.
first time at the bristol.  only 1 night. great open spaces to sit and relaxjunior suiteclassical interior with nice sitting area.  lots of glass around so be careful.  bed 9/10. pillows a bit tough robe 7/10. old shower 8/10 facing the courtyard made our room very quiet. 60e breakfast room service plenty of food and delivers in 30 minutes coffee/espresso is awful as usual in france iron 2 shirts 52e around the corner from the presidents residence so traffic can be challenging.  you will observe the best france has to offer in protection which is very cool. i will go back to the bristol as i know they will raise the bar higher to prepare for the ritz opening in march. staff 10/10.  and lots of them -gym 8/10 small but it works
stayed in a junior suite. excellent room, small balcony opened onto interior courtyard. staff very helpful. concierge made reservations and gave directions with ease. i enjoyed the breakfast each morning. eggs cooked to order each morning.
one of the best luxury hotels in paris city.  the hotel  has a very good location in the center of paris.  we adored everything:  this hotel is highly recommended if you are looking for a wonderful experience in the city of lights, they help us to book a taxi to charles de gaulle airport with taxis 75.
one of the best luxury hotels worldwide : a beautiful and opulent architecture. the hotel  has a very good location in paris. the old-warm charm of this luxury hotel is very seducing. we loved the bar, the high quality of services provided as well the divine drinks. this hotel is highly recommended if you are looking for a unique experience. we adored everything about the famous bristol.
we are half way through our stay at the famous bristol. and all the hype is true! the hotel is gorgeous, and feels french, the staff is very kind and knows the guests by name. the outdoor terrace is charming and refreshing after a busy paris day. if you choose to stay here, you will be so happy you did!
i am fussy at the best of times but this hotel made me smile and feel reaxed from the moment i set foot inside it. helpful and charming receptionists, beautiful room and a class restaurants. at least i have to look no further than le bristol for my next trip to paris.
the most extravagant hotel and worth every penny!  the ambiance, staff, location, food all deserve the highest rating anyone could give.  i wouldn't hesitate to go back and or to recommend this hotel to my dearest of friends.  the location was so convenient to everything special one would wish to do in paris.  the staff goes way out of their way to make your stay the most memorable and special time.  not to be missed.
we stayed here the weekend of the tour de france. our booking was last minute but despite how busy paris was we were given an immediate upgrade to a room with a patio. the room was spacious and gorgeous.the staff could not have been nicer, their attention to detail, their warmth. just one word. amazing.
family of 5 stayed 4 nights at the bristol. let me start off by saying i've stayed in some amazing hotels in paris....the last being the ritz... and none can compare to the lovely bristol. the hotel itself is beautiful... elegantly appointed.  the staff is like none i've ever experienced. they were incredibly helpful and polite.... but that's to be expected in a 5 star hotel. what was not expected was how friendly and kind they were. everyone from the wait staff to the bell men to the front desk to the concierge. it wasn't the stuffy service i've experienced at the ritz...they were genuinely kind. when i asked for directions, the concierge or bell men would not only provide them but would then walk outside with me to make sure i was heading in the right direction!  the restaurant staff were not only highly professional but we're funny and kind with my girls. the hotel is perfectly located. a quick and lovely 15-20 min walk to the louvre or a 3-4 blocks to the metro. the rooms were huge!  so beautifully appointed and spacious. the bathrooms had separate tub/shower and the heated towel rack was a big hit with the kids. the hotel has a lovely indoor pool.  with wooden decks and murals of seascapes the pool was designed to look like a ship. there is also an outdoor deck to lounge.  the michelin starred restaurant was closed during our stay but with 3 kids in tow that was probably just as well. i can't recommend the bristol enough for a memorable stay in paris. we've been forever spoiled for any other hotel.
"it turns out heaven is located in paris, more specifically, it's superimposed upon le bristol. we abided sumptuously here for eight nights in july so we know whereof we speak. this was our second visit and nothing could not have kept us away or suborned us elsewhere.this hotel is a winner in all ways yet what stands out for us is the exquisitely comfortable archetypal french setting styled with a light hand combined with genuine, kindly service as if one were esteemed family. sublime. we felt special.room service is finest kind, there is no better and we ought to know because we put them through their paces at least twice a day.anytime i picked up the phone to ask for anything, my query was greeted courteously in the french version of ""can-do."" i've never experienced more expeditious and kindly phone service. how many times have i referred to ""kind"" in this review? that's the crux of le bristol -- kind in all ways. also responsive, positive, authentic.  we are an ordinary non-french speaking couple of no great sophistication yet we were entirely at home at le bristol as part of the family, including fa-raon and cleopatre. also, we feel very much more sophisticated now!"
what a great hotel. we just returned from a week at le bristol with my elderly mother for a family wedding and reunion, and the staff at le bristol made it a trip she will always remember. service was impeccable, polished, and friendly. the hotel was a beautiful and comfortable home for us in paris, and we truly enjoyed our experience, thanks to the terrific staff, including marco and the entire team at epicure, who made my mother's birthday celebration special indeed. the only place i'd stay in paris going forward, and i'm already looking forward to returning for another flawless experience.
it's been a year since i've been to the bristol & wondered what they could do to improve on the perfection of my last annual visit but they have. i can't pinpoint it but the feeling is fresher & brighter yet the same homey comfort.somehow they have managed to freshen & polish without removing the familiar.one doesn't can't pinpoint the changes until  suddenly you notice the urinals are new & then you realize the bath is not the one you used in the past.the bath in our comfortably large junior suite overlooking the bucolic garden had been entirely replaced with a fabulous step in shower & it's unusual & great amenities it's like the famous cat cat darting across the lobby and you feel at home. suddenly there is another. wait, i remember only  cat, fa-raon & now there are 2. imperceptible change.the service is so seamless and flawless & the staff so professional yet friendly & the legendary concierge can accomplish anything anytime, with a smile. and they all do it making you feel like their most important long time guest.le bristol really makes perfection feel like home.our love for le bristol is not blind. last year we looked at shangri-la & were unimpressed by the feel & the location & this year we went to the new, bigger peninsula, and fled its grand polished coldness, small dark cramped rooms with stuffed too many electronics, which always seem to fail.le bristol likes doing it its way and has not abandoned the mechanical locks with their emblematic key chains nor their own temperature control system which is easy to remember but not really self explanatory.but whatever they do and however they make le bristol the benchmark by which we compare any other hotel in which we stay.
a special hotel in the heart of paris, well located close to major attractions. we had a fantastic two-day stay here, great rooms, great service and great meals and definitely the best coffee in paris. it's five star but not pompous and the welcoming staff give it an intimate, family-type feel.
we have stayed in several high-end paris hotels, from the ritz to the crillon, and due to the fact that both were closed for renovations, we opted for le bristol for the end of our trip to normandy last october.  from beginning to end, the service was excellent, about as good as any we have had in paris (and that is a high standard).  we were upgraded upon arrival, and the room we had was magnificent, with a large and spotless bathroom (the size of which was atypical of parisian hotels).  we did not spend much time in the room or the hotel, of course, because we were in paris, for goodness sake, so we cannot comment on too many aspects of the hotel.  the ambiance is lovely and high-end but without any hint of snootiness that sometimes infects parisian hotels at all class levels.  the room was the most comfortable we have had in paris, and of course was cleaned well each day.  when paying in excess of $1000 per day, one expects excellent service without attitude or haughty airs, and le bristol delivers on that score.  the high end hotel market in paris is very crowded, and the new entrants are grabbing most of the hype that we have seen in travel magazines.  those who are happy to skip the hype and return to classic, assured and elegant service in a well-maintained and well located property can safely rely on le bristol and its excellent staff to ensure a perfect stay in paris, even if the rest of the city was, to our eyes, showing signs of the long french economic stupor.
stayed three nights in may 2015 and just loved every minute of it. our junior suite was large and beautifully appointed with beautiful french windows opening to a view of a stunning large outdoor garden.   chose this for its quietness and was not disappointed.the staff were all so friendly and we felt like family not just a tourist.  they have two resident cats which also makes you feel that you are in someones home not a hotel.dined in the one michelin star restaurant and that was fantastic as was their breakfast.
i stayed there many times, always loved doing so, though lately the lack of guest recognition has disappointed me. it is still one of the great hotels in paris, others have overtaken it, guest relations is slipping, need to pay more attention to your regulars. their breakfast room and staff are fantastic, the best in paris definitely, their new'ish faubourg restaurant is charming, great menu though expensive for lunch but the staff are splendid and the receptionist most welcoming. i would visit them even if i am not staying at le bristol.i will try them again...
my wife and i stayed at le bristol for a few nights last november as part of our honeymoon. it was the best hotel we have ever experienced. the room was lovely, but the attentiveness and professionalism of the staff was beyond compare. fabien was an incredible host and ensured that our stay was magical. this is truly a world class hotel, and my wife and i cannot recommend it highly enough.
fabulous service, beautiful accomodations, and truly memorable property in a great location.   with numerous stays in paris nothing compares to le bristol.   the entire staff is attentive, and the concierge services never disappoint.  they also have two exquisite michelin star restaurants that must be enjoyed during your stay there.
anyone who has traveled to the uk or the continent from the us knows that a 5 star hotel in the us is not a 5 star hotel across the pond.  le bristol, however, is the exception.  elegant, classy with old world european charm this hotel oozes style, class and service.  everything is top notch, the rooms are large, the bathrooms huge (the size of some rooms in 4 star european hotels) and the spa, pool and workout facility are all very nice.  comfortable beds, lovely reception, great doormen...not much else to write.  it is also centrally located and an easy walk to the arc de triomphe.the hotel is pricey but definitely worth splurging for.
this is by far the best hotel i have stayed at in paris (especially when comparing to my previous choice of the four seasons george v). the room was spacious and comfortable, bathroom amenities were top notch, and our room on the top floor had a wonderful view over paris and of the eiffel tower. the staff were all superb from check-in, to breakfast, the concierges, and everyone in-between. the dinner we had at 114 was also lovely and had some very interesting spins on french classics. this is most certainly a hotel that deserves its top rating.
very french,  centrally located, comfortable, elegantly old world, special. romantic,  beautiful quality.  helpful.shopping nearby highly recommended choice if staying in paris for business. room large, concierge helpful
incredible, great service, great facilities, great food, incredible experience! we had a cheeky few days here and i loved it. i've stayed at other 5 star hotels in paris but this was by far my favourite. i will 100% be going again at any excuse!
we stayed there couple nights only . thank you to all the staff our whole experience was unforgettable... champagne.. honeymoon amenities a very special honeymoon. located in a very nice neighborhood, even when is close to the champs élysées it is a quiet hotel. we were amazed it really looks like a palace, keeps furniture from the original design... and the first elevator that it will turn 90 years this year, isn't that amazing ??? le bristol's room keys have a very special design.the services, amenities and our prestige room were absolutely gorgeous.
it's a good hotel, near eiffel tower, subway, supermarkets and restaurants. good breakfast, internet and good staff that speak french, english,spanish and i think german. hotel has channels from all countries, specially brazilian channel.
le bristol is the kind of hotel others aspire to be.it is not an inexpensive hotel, but as they say, you get what you pay for.superb service, staff go out of their way to help and nothing is too much trouble.garden is gorgeous and breakfast room beautiful and the whole place is a peaceful and restful oasis in the middle of paris.would definately return and would definately recommend it to others, simply the best !
i can highly recommend the hotel car service. we were picked up from charles du gaulle. the transition was seamless from the plane to the hotel. everyone was very friendly and the service was exemplary. if you visit paris you have to stay at the bristol. the hotel even organised to beautiful days of sunshine. how did they do that?
this hotel is located in faubourg saint-honore which is very closed to the branded shops. hermes is just about 5 minutes walk where the fans would love it becasue it's the main shop.the rooms are very nicely decorated especially those with the balcony/terraces.services are great & attentiive.the epicure is a must to dine.the garden is good for afternoon tea & the bar is pefect for a drink.
"we stayed there for one night and were lucky to see the place with all those wonderful christmas settings which makes the hotel even more magic.the staff is so kind, helpful, they seem to have infinite time for you. they walk you to your room, show you every place you want to see (spa or swimming pool). they are just the perfect balance between top level professionalism and some warm welcome as if you were visiting some friends.at the bristol the staff makes the difference and when you have been there you understand why they are rated n°1 in paris.we had booked the ""basic"" room and i still wonder whether we have been upgraded. the room was huge, the bed very large and confortable and the bathroom also large. my only remark would be about the bed linen: i guess i am very demanding but i would have liked a softer pillow case.a perfect stay, hope we can be back !"
good taste, nicest guests, excelent rooms,best concierges. happiest time ever! don't want to leave the hotelexcelent, confortable, elegant new bar!!!!!i look forward coming back as soon as possible!!!
we had a truly memorable experience at le bristol. from the moment jean-marie escorted us to the room to the moment we checked out we felt like royalty. nothing was too much trouble, the hotel was perfect with no waiting to be served and staff greeting you by name. the pool and the gym were empty when we visited which meant we had it all to ourselves.worth special mention was the room service breakfast which was exquisite. how they managed to get the eggs to the table so perfectly done, whilst on a heat plate and under a lid was nothing short of amazing! we loved all the little details that they provided too, freshly baked madelienes or hand made chocolates and champagne. the details like these and the fresh flowers that make le bristol so special. the gift to take home to the children from the resident cat was incredibly thoughtful and clever as they now want to meet the new cat!  the concierge managed tickets for le louvre and postage with incredible finesse. this was our fourth stay at le bristol and our most enjoyable, everything was perfect which made for a really special, romantic parisian weekend. made so by the gracious hotel manager, leah marshall and the welcoming staff. we can't wait to come back again.
we enjoyed extra ordinary personal welcoming approach,many surprising amenities, superb culinary quality in breakfast and in the three michelin stars restaurant.interior design and decoration were excellent, quality of the room excellent, service and general approach more than excellent location is great in a few words everything was much more than perfect.orna tzur and prof moshe tzur.
my husband and i were overwhelmed by the warmth and generosity of everyone at le bristol. as it was during our last visit (our honeymoon), so it was again – every person on the staff made our stay wonderful and made us feel completely welcome.the concierge staff is exceptional and responded to our every need. compliments to the management of le bristol for providing such a high and consistent level of personal service. this was especially a treat for my husband's mother, who is 89 – this may well be the last time she is able to travel to paris, and our stay was as good as it possibly could have been.the cuisine is outstanding, the recently remodeled bar is extraordinary and every aspect of the hotel is perfection. if you are looking for luxury and personal warmth, you will find it at le bristol paris.
i only stayed one night but it was wonderful! great location close to the main part of the city. the room,restaurant, breakfast were both really nice, and they have great customer service!thank you for a pleasurable stay!
our trip to paris was lovely and one of the main reasons was our stay at this superb hotel! our room was lovely, with an wonderful view, staff were very friendly and accommodating. the price was a little high but i will not complain as the service and the hotel was spot on!
hi,it was a amazing stay on the hotel last 5 days the hotel was really clean and clear and the hotel location was great and the hotel staff was great and the hotel manager was really helpful when i needed any help from manager he always help me.
normally the hotel in a city break is essentially just your base and somewhere to sleep but at le bristol we had to tear ourselves away to go sightseeing as we were enjoying the hotel so much.  we got lucky and had two hot sunny days so were able to take advantage of the beautiful, peaceful  courtyard garden which serves very good food (can recommend the burger and the crab ravioli highly).  however, there was also the 6th floor swimming pool, le prairie spa and the bar du bristol ....  as previous reviewers have said the service is faultless - friendly but very professional.  one of our rooms wasn't ready on arrival  which wasn't a problem at all but thibault, one of the managers, went out of his way to apologise offering us complimentary drinks and keeping us updated on when it would be available.   i would go back to paris just to spend a night or two at the hotel.
"situated in the heart of paris , few meters away from the "" palais de l'elysee"" and all the big designers shops. we've spend 4 nights in june . all staff are friendly and helpful, beautiful courtyard . we were staying in the new wing , where the room was great ( they should just change the sweet everyday , we had dry fruits when we arrived and that was it !!!) . loved 114 faubourg and quick lunch outside.i was disappointed by the entrance ( little bit  old fashioned ,they should definitely make an effort with the flowers arrangements ."
nice welcome arriving in this full of charme hotel. mrs ala let us feel at home with her smile and kindness. services and attention to the guest always on time. surely i'll be back in this pearl of paris, 2 restaurants 1 and 3 stars michelin! lovely...
we stayed here for two nights. the staff was very welcoming and made us feel at home. we were traveling with a group and they did a great job of having all our rooms ready when we arrived and had our meeting rooms set up. the property and rooms were very clean. perfect location for our business needs. the hotel restaurant meet all of our needs and had a great selection. everyone was pleased. a very successful trip.
one of the best hotel you can stay with family. this hotel is a best place for those people who want to enjoy different country cuisine. efficient security & awesome rooms at hotel le bristol. the pool was small. loved it.....!
"i recently stayed at le hotel bristol with my two grown daughters. i have traveled around the world, an never been treated as well as at le bristol. the rooms are fabulous, the food exquisite, the location, perfect but it is the staff-from the waiter, john pierre in the marie antoinette, marjorie at the front desk, but the consummate helper-the concierge, sonia papete! she is the loveliest of ladies, expert in her recommendations, kindness personified. i would think that the first woman concierge in a palace hotel would have to be the best, and trust me, she is!! you will not be disappointed with this exquisite hotel, there are many in the world, but none have the caring, friendly to all staff as le bristol. fa-aron, the burmese cat, just adds to the charm, it is as if he is sharing  ""his home"", albeit a gorgeous one, with ""his"" guests!kathryn redstonek"
i booked a weekend at le bristol which was to kick start my 40th birthday celebrations and to say it was special was an understatement.  on arrival there was a bottle of champagne on ice together with a gorgeous birthday cake waiting for me in room so the celebrations started even before my luggage arrived. the staff really make this hotel and the service is absolutely outstanding without being over the top.  the friendliness very relaxed and welcoming and never felt false and this applied to everyone from restaurant to housekeeping, reception to concierge. the hotel bar is well worth a visit as they do fantastic cocktails.  even though it was during the football world cup which was being shown, we had such a relaxing evening in such a lovely bar with what i consider one of the best cocktails i have ever tasted. thank you to everyone at le bristol for such an amazing birthday weekend!! it was more than special.
i spend my business trip in this hotel, and what i liked the most is the opportunity to relax at night in its great bar and terrace. despite some inconveniencies, i was overall satisfied with the services provided. paris, such a bueatiful city! coming back to paris with my wife :)
"what a best place to stay in paris?right in the center of every destination in paris le bristol is your spot.i have stayed there 2 nights and i had a blast.the service in incomparable to any other in the city.as soon as your checked in, you are being taking care of all the time.the newly renovated rooms are super confortable.the oudoor terrace is very colorful and cozy with a great atmosphere.you can enjoy a nice glass of champagne before going to 114 faubourg for a memorable diner.the pool and the private roof deck will make you feel you are on the top of the parisian roofs.""midnight in paris remember""expect amazing"
"""home sweet home""   a saying particularly appropriate !it is undoubtedly the best way to describe our feeling while arriving at 112 rue faubourg st honoréas frequent visitors of the hotel , it is a renewed true happiness to stay in this quiet and pleasant hotel, offering a high quality service in every detail and with kindnesswe take the opportunity of these lines to extend our warm thanks to each member fo the bristolteam who so proudly promote a prestigious address in paris and the french ""savoir faire""france & thierry lombard"
our family holiday, celebrating my mom's 80th birthday, on her first ever visit to paris was going to be a test for any hotel.  le bristol met every expectation and with flair, especially to my wife's -   a swiss trained hotelier, travel and food expert - exacting standards, reserved for only a few in our far ranging travels thus far.so what justifies the price?  a home away from home, an intelligent concierge team that displayed the ability to adapt to our unique needs (my mom is mostly vegetarian and, more often than not, can be walking stick/wheel chair dependent in a city best discovered on foot), layers of welcoming service from stepping onto the curb of the hotel, to the lobby, front desk, concierge, restaurant and room service teams.  each showed their intelligence through anticipating our needs and paying attention to every detail.  saving up for a special celebration, even if just only a night, is well worth the price.  what stood out to me is the maturity and flair of the concierge team in adapting to our needs - we were not the regular clientele demanding reservations to only the starred michelin restaurants.  we were happy to explore the range of cuisines from lebanese at noura, asian at diepe, to bring in some variety.  the team displayed patience as we were prone more to canceling hard to get reservations as we, my mom especially, tired of the popular multi course fare at the top rated.  hats off to emmanuel, helene, sonya and team, each that made our trip memorable in their own personal way.olivier at the restaurant, managing the breakfast service, fed my early morning cappuccino cravings while i escaped to attend to some work.  sensing my need for a quiet spot and urgent ipad charging during a busy hour, he nestled me into a comfortable spot, personally ensuring that i was getting through my work so i could quickly attend back to my holidaying.room service's attention to every detail - this was a highlight - hot tea being a morning wake up ritual for my mom, the flask delivered in the morning retained the heat for a good 12 hours or more, adequately helping with an urgent afternoon tea service, if needed.  that kind of selection of wares and maintenance is evident through the hotel, where chandeliers sparkle, walls, corners, doors appear freshly painted, even the metal bathroom waste bins glitter like tiffany's silver.in comparison, paris is ripe with ultra luxury offerings from chains - the four seasons, the mandarin, the ritz, the waldorf, not to mention home grown choices le meurice, the plaza athenee, the crillion - some of which we have stayed at.  let your experience at le bristol show you how personalized rather than a chain run formula elevate your next visit to paris!  can't wait to celebrate again, only at le bristol!
every stay at le bristol is special. the staff greet me by name every time i stay, and they let me stalk the hotel kitty, a gorgeous persian named pharaoh. they remember that i am gluten-free, how i like my morning tea, the wine i like to drink in the bar, that i prefer dark chocolate...the service, quality of facility and f&b is outstanding, one of my favorite hotels in europe.
i have stayed in many great hotels but, in my opinion, this is the best. it's not just the impeccable bedrooms or the wonderful facilities it's really all about the people who run the hotel. and they are wonderful. amazing friendliness and their great humanity came shining through all during our one week stay. they couldn't have made us feel more special. just one example-when we left they gave us toys for our baby daughter and our as yet unborn baby too. we also had the best food we have ever experienced in the epicure restaurant too! truly memorable.
le bristol paris is my favorite place to stay when i feel the need to unwind and indulge. the service is exemplary,  le bar du bristol is full of glamorous people including the staff. the mohitos are perfection, the food is outstanding. there's the french garden perfect for smoking cigars and enjoying champagne, there are the lovely suites decorated in 18th century french style and the epicure restaurant and all right in the heart of the city's fashion district on the elegant rue du faubourg saint-honoré. i didn't utilise  the spa or the pool although i hear it was a view of the city. next time.
was away for a weekend, and had a plesent stay with perfect servise.we wanted dinner at epicure, it was full but the friendly staff manage to sort out a table!the staff was allso wery helpfull with tips and hints on what to do and visit!the breakfast was superb, we had egg benedict, the best ever!!!it is pricy but-you do get what you pay for...
we stayed at le bristol for our 10th wedding anniversary this weekend.  the hotel was fabulous, the rooms, the food, ambience,but mostly the wonderfully friendly staff.the entire hotel had huge arrangements of fresh flowers, including the rooms.we ate in the brasserie and again the food and service were world class.le bristol is officially my favourite hotel and i cant wait to return!
place is really cool i want to stay there for more time but was able to be there for 2 nights staff is caring they dont even ask for tips. overall nice place eooms are beautifull bed size is comfortable . i love to be there again. very peacefull & elegant.
le bristol has an enviable reputation and from our recent experience that is well deserved.  it is eye wateringly expensive in some ways but the service is as good as we have ever experienced. if  i have any quibbles they are relatively unimportant; for example breakfast is taken in the bar area and the tables are perfect of afternoon tea but not comfortable if one is trying to eat breakfast.  i have a preference for a buffet breakfast but that is a personal matter.  my wife tells me that the spa was one of the very best she had experienced.  if i was seriously rich i think that i could live there.
stayed here for a couple of nights on the way home from the south of france, and couldn't find a single fault. the place was clean and tidy, with views of the eiffel tower. staff were very friendly and always able to help, i also found the other guests to be very sociable as well, happy to chat to each other about their holidays etc.
from the spectacular lobby to the gorgeous well-appointed rooms, with exceptional staff, the lovely spa and  the resident cat whom i confirm does indeed exist,  this is still favorite hotel hands down. french elegance, beauty, a superb breakfast, spa, bar  and service with a smile.  merci à tous (toutes) et 'jamais deux sans trois'.
we spent a couple of nights at le bristol recently - what a treat! the room was immaculate, spacious and afforded an excellent view of the eiffel tower. a very quiet, even silent hotel. what sets this hotel apart is the quality of staff training and their attitude to guests. every encounter starts with a smile and a warm greeting. there is an obvious pride (not smugness) in being part of a crack team. the food was excellent, loved the garden restaurant, my wife loved the pool and steam bath - i am at times a critical person but apart from noting the expense of the hotel, there is nothing at all to criticize, only to appreciate.
this is a gorgeous property with a very helpful and friendly staff.we found the location to be ideal with all the tourist sites of interest close by.only negative in general area is the heavy smoking at receptions and some restaurants.
we loved this place!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!great location, lovely breakfast and neat room! lots of nice touches that make this place special.the rooms are beautifully decorated and appointed with nice amenities. the restaurants are wonderful and the public areas are gorgeous and inviting. will certainly recommend this hotel to our friends and colleagues
i've just returned to los angeles after spending a week at the bristol.  while this was my first stay here, it will certainly not be my last.  from the welcoming smiles i received as i stepped from my car, to the warm greetings from hannah as we checked in, it was clear that i was a treasured guest, or at least i was made to feel that i was. this continued throughout my stay, each and every day.  i mustn't forget to compliment our concierge domenique on his kindness and ability to secure impossible-to-get reservations for us, at a moment's notice; thank you, dominique! the service and treatment in epicure were no different, plus the food was magnificent!  our room was lovely, and the amenities provided just what we needed, along with a location that couldn't be beat.  i've stayed in fine hotels around the world, but i can't remember when i've so enjoyed a stay. thank you to all of the fine staff at le bristol for the fine treatment, and i look forward to returning soon!joseph s. barbalos angeles, causa
we stayed at the hotel le bristol for one night to celebrate our wedding anniversary. everything about the hotel is brilliant: the central location, seamless check-in and warm welcome, professional and discreet service from all staff and spotless, beautifully furnished rooms. we had a couple of drinks in the newly refurbished bar where we were looked after exceptionally well followed by dinner in the 3 michelin starred restaurant (we chose the tasting menu). it was, quite simply, the best meal we have ever eaten. a truly memorable visit, which would be impossible to improve upon.
i have travelled to many places and this would easily be the best hotel experience that i have had anywhere. the whole atmosphere and the detail, whether at the resturant or in the room has to be complimented. the decour and the overall ambiance is great. a little too expensive but then you the sheer luxury and comfort and specially the service makes up for it. a little too serious a place in case you take your teenage kids there. some of the touristy place that are most visited are within walking distance including shopping on the champs elyesses.
have just returned from a night at this wonderful hotel! the staff were exceptionally welcoming and very attentive. the room was beautiful and very well equipped  the food was of a very high standard.  yes it is expensive but what a treat!  elegance and a calm haven- i loved it!
an absolutely first class hotel, beautifully decorated, coupled with wonderful, sincere service.  even a taxi strike did not faze the hotel who cared for us superbly.we will definitely return - congratulations all round!
my husband and i stayed at le bristol paris for 4 nights in december 2012 and we absolutely loved everything about it. the honeymoon suite, on the 8th floor, with beautiful views of the eiffel tower, was enormous, tastefully decorated and equipped with what could well be the most beautiful and spacious bathroom in paris! service throughout our stay was impeccable with just the right level of humour and lightness to make us feel at home. we loved the epicure restaurant (i recommend the tasting menu if you want to experience a true french celebration of food!) and had a lovely evening at 114 faubourg (this option is more informal so it's perfect for a relaxing dinner especially that food is just as good as at epicure).it was great to have the french president as a neighbour (his residence is just down the road from the hotel) and we were certainly not disappointed by the variety of shopping within walking distance.overall, a fabulous location, beautiful renovated facilities, unforgettable food and a truly luxurious parisian experience. we will definitely be back. thank you for a perfect stay!
we stayed at le bristol for a weekend in paris and we liked it very much. it's a traditional hotel, nice atmosphere. we stayed in a nice junior suitevery with a big bathroom. absolutely nice with a view to the backyard. if you are looking for a traditional, charming hotel we can recommend the bristol. also the location is very good for paris visitors
i think this is one of the most wonderful hotels i have ever stayed in. we went there for our wedding anniversary in october. we had a lovely suite in the new part of the hotel. the service was fabulous. we were offered champagne, and it was an utterly romantic night. the staff were so kind and charming. we will be back !
one of the best things about le bristol is whether you are one of their regulars, the unfathomably deep pocketed who might actually spring for the bottle of wine priced at 16,500e on the room service menu, or a member of the 99% going for a splurge, you will be treated well.  you will not feel out of place, and that is pretty unusual.  the best reason to treat yourself to le bristol is to experience the very high standard of excellence in every direction.  when i arrived in my room, there were two lovely rectangular serving pieces on the coffee table, one with beautiful dried apricots, the other, figs.  it was the perfect thing for the moment.it's all like that.  the second night i realized the duvet was too heavy and i needed a lighter weight blanket.  it was 2 am.  five minutes after i called the front desk, a perfectly alert and uniformed woman from housekeeping was at my door, speaking in hushed tones, blanket in hand,  wishing me a bonne nuit.my room overlooked the courtyard, decked out in holiday lights, a huge tree.  i was on the fifth floor, in a classic room, the smallest, i think, of the offerings, but it didn't feel small or cramped.  i could see the sky, open my windows, let in the cold wintry air.you could check in to le bristol and never leave until your departure to the airport, and you wouldn't miss much.  you can see the eiffel tower from many rooms.  montmartre from the classy swimming pool.  you will eat the best food in paris, you can overdose on spa treatments.  your own bathroom in your room is gorgeous, lots of lighting options, very spacious, calming.the front desk staff are trained to handle pretty much any request and i wished i could take sonia home with me.  i had two requests, one easy, the other requiring more thought and creativity.  both were handled with such finesse.  it is so nice to not have to specify everything, just let them think of it.  everyone in the hotel is on their game 24/7.  i would think it would be great to work there, to be part of that kind of effort.  dinner at l'epicure is perfect.  just a unique experience.  flawless service, gorgeous unique food, beautiful setting - flowers, the room.  the french sense of beauty, ingrained, effortless, or so it seems, is a balm.if you decide to stay at le bristol, enjoy it fully and don't think about the money.  this kind of experience does not come cheaply and it shouldn't.  so much goes into it.  it's worth every penny.
we spent one night at hotel le bristol in early december to celebrate our anniversary. we had a lovely, very large suite that was beautifully decorated. small touches such as stationery supplies at the writing desk and fresh flowers were very nice. we had two separate balconies, each with chairs and views of the eiffel tower - we really enjoyed being able to relax outside and soak up some precious winter sun! the old style lift also adds a lot of character. excellent hd loewe entertainment system. we loved the fact that woody allen's midnight in paris (in which the hotel features) has a dedicated channel and is free for guests to watch.staff was generally friendly, although not as polished/professional as those at other comparable members of the lhw properties.breakfast (continental) was disappointing - although freshly squeezed orange juice a plus. would not recommend paying for breakfast if not included in room rate; it's possible to pick up a similar assortment of equally good if not better pastries from a nearby patisserie and save €60+ (admittedly this is probably a negligible amount for most of the hotel's guests!).overall, a very enjoyable stay. be aware that the hotel's location in the 8th arrondissement is surrounded by offices/businesses which is great on week days (good lunch options) however the immediate neighbouhood can be rather deserted on weekends.
the hotel is amazing. service and staff are remarkable. rooms are quite spacious, very clean, furniture is beautiful and bran new. amenities are great. breakfast coould be a little better, but that is the only minor downside. definitely worth staying, at least once in a lifetime.
except for the sky high prices, there’s nothing wrong with the bristol. at all. the service is astonishing. the style is very traditional, which reflects the right bank location. but those prices aren't for the faint of heart.
nice and clean as well as new! it is had to get a brand new old hoel in paris these days . the service was great and we were ushered to the spa before he rooms were ready for rarly check in. the restuarants are so great! the rooms are very quiet and has a second door between the room and the front door of the rooms.
thank you so much for a most lovely stay ..... we arrived late in paris and were greeted by the most gracious staff.... i cannot express the joy we recieved when we returned to our hotel room after a disappointing sale at christies on our anniversary to find the staff had placed rose petals all over our bed and bath.... they also had a table set for us with the most delicous chocolate desert.... we ordered a split of champaign and celebrated in style.... the breakfasts are wonderful and in such opulent surroundings so enjoyed..... the 114 faubourg restaurant was among one of our best dinners.... the concierge are most helpful.... the cat fa roan entertained our 9 year old son and gives the hotel added charm.... (a rare non allerginic breed... adorable).... thank you le bristol.... we hope to return soon...
stayed for 5 nights last march and really enjoyed my stay.spacious rooms with all amenities needed.good location.delicious food and most important of all great service.i am looking forward to my next trip.
must say this was one of the top hotels we could have stayed in recently.hotels in asia have such a great service that european hotels can not match upto them by this hotel comes very close to the service we received here and in asian hotels.location was just the best which does adds to the value of the service we received.
ok not the biggest most value or most prestigious if you like to spend money but absolutely amazing!staff are 5 star.  michelin restaurant is outstanding- but guess what---- so is the other restaurant.  i don'tremember names.  we ate there twice.   we had noreservation and it was no problem.  food is beyondamazing.  concierge gave us all museum tix and we only needed return what we didn't use.  ok they had pistachio cake in the bar desert tray- only my aunt made it such a this.  could haveeaten there every day and would not have bee disappointed or had bad service.  sorry le bristol is now my standard of measure !and i am quite generous.
from the minute we arrived at the bristol we were cosseted and cared for.  my family accompaniedme and we all had good experiences.  the concierge team were extremely helpful, suggesting and organising  everything beautifully from concerts to restaurant bookings with splendid seats everywhere. i was surprised with a delicious cake and champagne in our room.  the epicure restaurant was a total highlight.  the outstanding food was served with charm and panache by a great team.  it was like watching a choreographed ballet!  we have had a wonderful experience. my one little gripe was the bath towels seemed a little on the mean side! otherwise faultless!thank you le bristol!
a stunning hotel to put it mildly. from arrival to departure, everything was perfect. the service level is extremely high. anything can be done and arranged and with a smile. the rooms are amazing. it is also the most expensive hotel in paris, but it is well worth it
"an expensive hotel in the best location of paris that's worth every cent.the gentleness and attitude of the staff, absolutely personalized service together with a great concierge team, makes this traditional hotel a ""must"" in your trip to france. it is an example of a place where you don't have to confuse a service that is worth a lot of money with an expensive experience. this one is certainly worth what we paid.rooms, both in the main and the new building, are ample, luminous, stylish and comfortable, with an impecable bathroom, plenty of amenities and good shower.two restaurants and two bars provide you with all the choices you need, from a 3 star michelin to a casual brasserie, and bars and tea rooms open to excel in quality and great service.the workout room is something they could improve, specially considering the great food the city provides.kudos to le bristol !!!"
ive been lucky enough to stay there on many occasions. the most elegant hotel with the most amazing service. the rooms and suites hit just the right note: elegant and in fabulous taste without going over the top. i cannot praise this hotel enough. one of the glories in the world's most beautiful and mesmerizing city. euro for quality, service and elegance make le bristol an exquisite value. how often can you say that at a hotel where rooms are well over €1,000 ++per night? the retired gm, monsieur ferchaud was a great person and treated me with his personal attention at every single visit. monsieur le calvez is the spectacular gm now and he runs a magnificent hotel that the hoteliers of the world should take notice. thank you, le bristol, for making my world an enriched and better place. one small bit of criticism....breakfasts in the restaurant have been a consistent let-down for fifteen years. can't figure out why. but don't let any review sway you that any hotel is better. regarding heads of states or dignitaries: i can guarantee the service they receive is no more personal or charming from my many fond experiences.
the hotel is extraordinary from every point of view, from ambience to friendly and professional service staff. i particularly enjoyed the swimming pool area, which after a busy day of sightseeing in paris, is a delightful respite from the crowds. also had an opportunity to visit the restaurant in the lobby area while waiting for the room and where the hotel offered complimentary refreshments from their menu items. i found the staff very helpful, responsive and sincerely offering to please any guest request. special mention to nadege charles, the sales coordinator, who was very attentive and professional in catering to any special requirements.to any potential guest of le bristol; they will exceed your expectations.  hd
can't  believe the comments about the staff being rude.  not only our favorite hotel in paris but one of our favorites anywhere.  staff is there to help but not in your face. rooms are amazing, location simply the best, pool on the roof, great breakfast, amazing new bar, and their 114 faubourg dinning is outrageously good. in an entirely different league than any other hotel...
stayed there in september. le bristol is a good luxury hotel. but still its not as wondeful as ritz, plaza and george v.staff is quite rude and you can wait years untill you get you fried eggs at breakfast. tha bath ammenitites incl shampoo etc are terrible!!!!!!!
"i agree with the other reviewers that the minute you walk into this place, you are enveloped in their atmosphere that starts with the efficient registration desk with the female employees in very lovely, eye catching uniforms to the sad moment when you leave at the end of your stay and the doorman is folding your coat in so it doesn't get caught in the car door.  literally every person you encounter speaks to you and says ""bon jour"", and it almost feels like you are being handed along from one person to the next  to take care of you.  we had a beautiful junior suite with lots of room and lots of lovely amenities, but the real fun is to be down in the large lounge and bar area watching the fashionable parisians come and go . . . a real treat during paris fashion week!  when you stay, do yourself a huge favor and schedule massages in the spa with either margo or aurelie . . . they are both fantastic therapists, and both my daughter and i felt we had experienced the best massages ever!  the bristol captures the true air of parisian refinement and adventure and was a very happy time for us.  hint:  they will tell you that no reservation is needed for breakfast, but i would press them and reserve one of the tables looking out onto the garden.  we did experience a bit of a crowd there, so i would try to book in advance.  enjoy, enjoy . . . it is very expensive of course but you will have fabulous memories!"
"my wife and i stayed at hotel le bristol twice in september 2012.  we've stayed at many of the world's best hotels and this one ranks up there too.  everything about it was perfect.first, all the doormen are very courteous and friendly.  from the moment you arrive they set the tone for first-class service and an outgoing, friendly attitude.  the clerks at check were all wonderful, and each of the two times we were shown to our room, they did not miss an opportunity to see what they could do to make our stay memorable.the concierge services were as good as any we have used, and they spent a great deal of time explaining how to go to various out-of-way places we wanted to see.  it was most impressive.everyone was friendly.  even a maid as she passed in the hall would say ""bonjour"" and smile.  we have stayed in hotels all over the world and none has a staff as friendly as le bristol.  they really made us feel welcome.our room had a fruit basket that was never allowed to be empty, and room service was always a sumptuous affair.  but the two restaurants - 114 faubourg and epicure - were simply outstanding.  we ate at 114 faubourg twice and each time it was superb.  the wine steward ellie was phenomenal, and helped us pick out a couple of lovely bottles.  each meal was incredible, but we will always remember the steak that was finished at the table on a mini grill.  it might be the best steak i ever had, and i eat a lot of steak!finally, we went to the newly renovated bar and it seemed very lively, but our jet-lag forced us off to bed before things could really get lively.  i would have loved to be able to stay up longer.i can't say enough good things about this hotel.  it is definitely expensive, but it was well worth it.  after all, they even have a reincarnated pharaoh - the hotel cat, fa-raon!"
a simply fantastic experience from check- in to check out. jean-alexis and his staff are unparalleled in the level of service they execute. yes, the hotel itself is stunning and the rooms are perfectly parian.... however it is the staff that truly sets it apart from all the other special hotels in the city. we will most certainly return again and again - hopefully soon to experience the new bar.
this hotel exceeded our expectations more than we could have ever imagined. jean-marie burlet, the directeur clientele was extremely attentive to all of our needs. he greeted us in the lobby every morning, and was very personable. he made the experience of our stay so delightful, as did the rest of the staff at the hotel. as someone who stays in luxury hotels quite frequently, i was very impressed with the quality of service that we received. we would recommend this hotel to anyone.
my mother and i stayed there for her birthday. from the moment we checked in for our first stay we felt as though everyone already knew us and they were as excited as we were for our special occassion. each staff member that we crossed seemed genuine and sincere.we felt like we were staying in a luxurious family home. walking back in at night and being aknowlegded by the ever present management staff in particular jean marie and stephanie seemed delighted to hear of our adventures in the city made it feel like we were returning to friends. being surprised by the cake and champagne was so special for my mother.of course the hotel is beautiful and immaculate, the food is delicious and the rooms, in particular the bathrooms were spacious and luminous, but it was the staff that made this place so unique.thank you to the team for this unforgetable stay.
this hotel to me is the savoy of paris. everything about this hotel is quality. as soon as you enter from the main busy street you cant fail to be impressed with the decor,the marble flooring. just the  impression it gives. the gardens at the rear are surrounded by the hotel itself. the gardens are calm and green and very well kept. the bar area is very relaxing and buzzing with well dressed people out to impress.the staff were attentive and helpful and always made you feel welcome.the hotel is very expensive to stay eat and drink in but is top of the food chain. we will certainly be back with our friends next year. if you require luxury and love to be treated like a king or queen this is the place.
we recently stayed at le bristol for 7 nights.  the staff was outstanding!   they helped you with anything you needed.  they all spoke very good english and made any kind of reservations you needed.  the hotel is located in a very nice part of time and we walked almost everywhere.   we used the hotel car many times to go to dinner.  the food in the hotel was absolutely excellent!  breakfast, lunch and  drinks in the new bar were delicious.    dinner in 114 faubourg, and dinner in epicure was excellent.  epicure is a must for all to try.  we almost went back a second night during our stay.  there is nothing bad to say about le bristol.  the service was absolutely amazing.  they make everyone feel like royalty.  we stayed in an executive jr suite - beautiful room - room service was excellent.everything was perfect!
im not sure if there was one aspect of our stay at le bristol for our honeymoon this last week that wasn't perfect.  the staff and concierge are unlike any in the world.  they went above and beyond to make our stay wonderful and memorable.  our room was a parisian dream, with beautiful fresh flowers on the table, french linens, and an amazing bottle of champagne awaiting our arrival with a sweet note from the concierge.  there was no detail they have left undone, every aspect of this hotel is manicured luxury.  we were there at the start of paris fashion week and it was awesome to grab a drink in the bar because they had great cocktails, live piano, great people watching, and the service was quick and friendly.  i felt like i stepped into a dream with the vintage elevator and the fresh flowers overflowing in the lobby.  there is no place on earth quite like hotel le bristol, and i couldn't imagine ever staying anywhere else when returning to paris.  oh yes, and their cat is very cute and adds a lot of character to this charming hotel.
we enjoyed what was essentially a religious experience on a plate at epicure. the dining room is lovely with lots of space between tables overlooking a beautiful courtyard. we asked simply to be fed, chef's choice. wave after wave of delightful tastings arrived paired with perfect wines chosen by the sommelier, marco. he orchestrated the entire supper and the waitstaff treated us like celebrities. epicure is now on our list of must-dos during every visit to paris.
i just arrived back from paris after spending a week at le bristol for business.  i must say i am an avid traveler and have spent plenty of time at many of the best 5 star hotels throughout the world.  sincerely, the level of service and attention to detail received surpassed any experience i had ever encoutered.  the care that every staff member from concierge to housekeeping gives their guest, proceeded any expectations.  le bristol's level of service should be a benchmark for all to follow.i highly recommed if you can at least once in your life experience this amazing hotel!  i look forward to coming back in february.
i have been several times to le bristol and i was never let down. the hotel is among the top class hotels of paris but does not only enjoys an excellent location but has a very friendly and professional service. if you are lucky with the weather then the courtyard garden is an oasis in the heart of paris. unfortunately i had no chance to try the new opening of a bar but i hope for next time.
this is the epitome of a luxury urban property. it is an elegant and charming parisian hotel with classic decor. it has been granted a “palace hotel” by tourism authorities and it is well deserved. staff is friendly. the beautiful courtyard is a wonderful way to finish a busy day.  rooms are very comfortable and well appointed. the suite i had was well worth it, it had a large bathroom and great large closet.  location is perfect!
we went there for a 4 day break. the rooms are very nice and well equiped. i would say that it is up to an excellent standard. we tried the bar as well as the restaurants which are very good. you see we like staying and eating in the hotel sometimes because of the very high quality of services as well as quality they offer, and that is what exactly what we have received.i would say that it would have been an excellent stay if the staff would have been a bit more friendly (meaning personilized service) - do no want to cause miscommunaction that is whay i expalined what i wanted to say.very professional staff but not very warm....anyway that is a minor thing that it is not to take really into consideration.loved it and we will return.
we had dinner here last year and it was spectacular.  it was a tasting menu with a large entree.  the food was really spectacular.  they had a champaigne cart, cheese cart, desert cart etc etc.  it was extremely expensive for dinner...i think our tab was around 1,800 dollars but it was worth the price and it really was a great meal.  the atmosphere is beautiful and there are only 8-10 tables in the dining room.  the meal was long at around 3 hours, but it really gave us time to enjoy the experience.  i would recommend this meal to anyone.  after our meal, we did have the general manager tour us through the hotel and the suites are absolutely spectacular.  if we were to return to paris, i would definetly stay here.  our room in paris at the renaissance was a bit less expensive, but not anywhere near as nice as bristol.
beautiful hotel inside & out! staff are fantastic, everything is done with a smile. for me the furniture in the rooms is a little dated, however they are still very nice. so close to the main tourist attractions. it's expensive but it's a wonderful experience staying here & worth it. the food/dining here is fantastic.
"the best hotel in paris. expensive but worth the money spent.... love it ... very nice and large rooms. exquisite furnishings. beautiful bathrooms with amenities. decent food . great service.  getting taxis is an issue but the hotel has a free drop off service to nearby places. rooms facing the inner courtyard are the best. quiet. few hotels where you can sleep with windows open for fresh air.( weather permitting obviously.) strongly recommended.  treat to be there. always look forward to paris and hotel le bristol. comfort mixed with parisian charm and class. big rooms, super furnishings, great service, good location, decent food . what more can you ask for ? """"""....""..........................?...."".......................................................................................!,,,,,'',,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,"
i have been staying here for almost 20 nights and during the whole period there was nothing that went wrong: professional and helpful, delightful epicure and 114 faubourg restaurants, fast and efficient service overall, quiet and discrete atmosphere.....simply parfait for both leisure and business stay! special thanks to jean-alexis from reception, francisco, olivier and etienne from epicure restaurant, patrice from 114, sébastien, jacques, raphaelle and charlotte from concierge!
my wife and i stayed, unfortunately for only one night at le bristol but it made a long lasting impression upon us and we shall return for a longer stay in the near future.  i won't elaborate too much about how beautiful and classy a hotel this is because there are tonnes of photographs online about this.  besides, it's a 5 star property.  one wouldn't expect anything less.  it's the service that matters after all.when booking, i had requested a deluxe room, a fairly 'standard' room at le bristol.  we arrived quite early to paris that morning (9:45am) and knew our room was probably not ready.  upon check-in, i think my wife mentioned that we were coming to paris to celebrate our 13th anniversary and this set off some incredibly pleasant surprises.  so we left our luggage at the hotel and went on our way to enjoy the city.  the reception desk then phoned us about  two hours after to let us know that our room was ready.when we were shown to our room, i'd realized that they have upgraded us to a very large suite that costs more than twice what i had booked my initial room for.  the room was spacious, extremely clean, and had a beautiful view of the garden/courtyard as well as the dome of the invalides.  it took a little longer to have our luggage transferred to our room because apparently, there was a small trouble with the service elevator.  but this was a minor issue.we then went for a swim and upon returning, there was a large raspberry cake with happy anniversary written on it. the cake was too large for us to finish but it was of michelin 3 star quality.all of our itineraries in paris that we had requested from concierge were well taken cared of.the bed was extremely comfortable and we both commented on how deeply we've both slept that evening.breakfast in the epicure restaurant was relaxing, with a beautiful view of the garden, accompanied by attentive, professional and genuinely caring staff.my wife is turning 40 at the end of this year and guess where she wants to celebrate her birthday?  le bristol.
this hotel is pure luxury, elegance, and french charm.  i had dreamed of staying there for years and saved up specially so i could stay a night there while in paris.  the service is warm and very personal and i felt like the only guest there.  the room was immaculate and i canceled many things on my itinerary just so i could lounge by the pool and have my coffee on the balcony overlooking the courtyard.  dinner at 114 faubourg restaurant was wonderful.  the location is perfect for shopping and the lobby was so comfortable for relaxing after a busy day.  the morning coffee and pastries were absolutely delicious.  the staff were very helpful in their suggestions and giving us directions to various places during our stay.
i loved this place the higher the better for the view. the food is excellent and the breakfast very substantial indeed. the staff rallied round and tried to fill all my requests and i had many as usual. they couldn't get me black shoe polish though. work on that one or a suede brush.
my husband and i returned after a 20-year hiatus to the bristol to celebrate our 20th wedding anniversary. we had very fond memories of the hotel but had no idea of the changes that had taken place since the new management took over.the hotel is magnificent to the eyes wherever you turn. each day fresh flowers are delivered to the public rooms that really dazzle your senses.the courtyard that has been created is an oasis for calm and beauty and the best place to drink rose champagne and feel you are in paradisewe had a junior suite that was well appointed, overlooked the beautiful courtyard and was extremely quiet. we enjoyed it immenselywe dined at the gastronomic restaurant, epicure, and were really impressed with the cooking of eric frechon who is a meilleur ouvrier of france and has been at the hotel for many years. we found his food to be classic with modern ingredients seasoned to perfection. we especially enjoyed his version of a veal chop as it was moist, flavorful and a combination of wonderful ingredients as described in the menu:milk fed veal chop (2 persons) roasted, parma ham flavor and celtuces, lemon, capers, wild rocket and parmesan cheese. the sommelier was passionate and extremely knowledgeable about wine. we wanted a glass to go with each of our coursed in the tasting menu and what he choose complemented each of our dishes to perfectionthe swimming pool was an added bonus- it is a jewel in the middle of paris .we had a few rainy days and could swim while watching very dramatic storms all in the comfort of our hotel. the swimming pool makes you feel like you are and a luxury ocean liner with beautiful views of the rooftops of paris and all with every amenity you can imagine.we think however the best part of our experience was the magnificent service given to every guest. everyone who worked there smiled, was always willing to help and remembered you from one day to the next.we certainly hope we do not have to wait for 20 years to return. we love paris and now feel we have found the best possible hotel in the city for our visits.. we hardly wait to return to the remarkable, elegant and comfortable bristol hotela & a sailhac
the hotel le bristol provided my family and i with a simply special hotel experience. we stayed in a recently renovated two-bedroom suite, which was well appointed, spacious, and luxurious. the hotel's location is just perfect, close to the louvre and champs-elysees. the outdoor sundeck offered spectacular views of montmartre, the eiffel tower, and the paris skyline. the restaurants and lounges were so amazing that you had to remind yourself that there were opportunities outside of the property as well. however, the property's greatest asset was the staff. from the moment we were greeted upon arrival to departure, the staff lead by jean-alexis costa provided world-class service.going forward, whenever i think of paris, the first thought which will come to mind is hotel le bristol.heyward damon, jr.president & ceodamon executive event planners, llc
ok it's great waking up & opening your room door &  walking down reception, & finding your already at work,manefict..
just returned from a 4 day stay at le bristol. a superb hotel with an ideal location. service was impecable from begining to end. the suite was amazing with porper sevice immaculately clean and well appointed. christophe the general manager and the management team are really on top of things there. they listen to your comments and will do all they can to make a special trip superb. well done you guys ..will be back for more. ps lunch in epicure was 3stars all the waydavid and roslyn
if heaven were a hotel, it's name would le bristol. we had a wonderful 4 day stay, traveling with our 7 year old daughter, who was always treated with respect and affection by the staff (so many places discriminate against children, judging them before seeing that their manners are often far better than adults). every aspect of the hotel is superb, but the service and attitude is what sets it apart. don't miss the charmingly distinctive swimming pool on the sixth floor! yes, it is expensive, but well worth it.
a really great stay with excellent attentive service from all quarters of the hotel.
though le bristol is highly rated it is inconsistent.  some days the service was extraordinary, and some days even breakfast took half an hour.  it is very expensive, and we were there as a group and paid 600 euros per night.  breakfast american plan was included, but if not, breakfast, continental style, is 48 euros.  upon check in we had an issue with our room, but they fixed it.  the non-smoking room smelled of smoke.  it might help if they actually dedicated entire floors to non-smokers, and cleaned them out before they announced these floors as available.overall, it was a good stay, but there are some things they need to work on.
without a doubt one of the best hotels i’ve experienced, worldwide. the hotel is charming. from the doorman and receptionist on arrival, to housekeeping and bar & restaurant staff, service was flawless. as a member of the hotel chain’s frequent guest programme (leaders club), the junior suite reflected perfectly my stay preferences. the suite was spacious and exquisitely appointed, as you would expect from the first hotel in france awarded the ‘palace’ hotel category, with stunning outlook on the hotel’s inner garden. the hotel itself is charming and maintained to the highest standard. breakfast in the restaurant, as well as an informal lunch at the bar, were beautifully presented and of an exceptionally high standard. the signature 2-massuse massage at the spa was exceptional. concierge were extremely helpful, securing opera tickets to the final night of don giovanni when i could not, and spot-on on dining recommendations.whilst my stay was extremely enjoyable, for the purposes of a balanced review i include the below:* room service, on the two occasions i used it, lacked flare. presentation was disappointing (even when compared a mainstream 5-star hotel chain).* the gentlemen’s restrooms for the public area were below par. for example, holes in the door where the ‘homme’ sign once was; an unpleasant odour (presumably as a result of the urinals not being automatic flushing); components of the visible silver-plated plumbing having been partially replaced by cooper plumbing.* as is expected of such a palatial hotel, it justifiably commands a premium. le bristol does however appear to go a bit far in places. for example, charging for the use of web-radio on the television (complementary at many other premium hotels); somewhat high mini-bar mark-up (12 euro for a can of coca-cola).all said, still highly recommended – if you can, book a stay here. i highly doubt you’ll be disappointed!
this hotel is second only to le meurice in my experience of paris hotels. the hotel is beautiful and is well placed for high end shopping. much to my surprise the room was extremely spacious. lobby bar was interesting helped somewhat by fashion week. breakfast room was stunning as was food. will be back and prefer to plaza although bar their is more happening. great hotel all the same with excellent food.
another wonderful lunch. we went a bit over the top here, and loved every minute of it.food, wine and service all excellent.the dining room at le bristol  housed in the regency room in the winter months) ranks as one of my favourite dining rooms in the world.an elegant splurge.
i travel often to paris and always enjoy returning to le bristol for their warm welcome, top notch concierge, great interiors, delicious restaurant, and perfect location.
we were trapped in paris during hurricane irene and struggled to find a room for five family members. fortunately le bristol had a two bedroom suite on a high floor and given our circumstances gave us a fair rate. when we arrived, the reception staff expected us and was very welcoming. we were given rooms on the sixth floor near the pool. the rooms were beautiful with lovely views out the front of the hotel. the staff had left treats for our young children. the pool area - recently renovated - was terrific with a nautical theme and outdoor space. in the interests of cost, we did not eat in the hotel dining room but went to a bistro arranged by the excellent concierge desk which was perfect and fun. the next morning, we had forgotten to put our room service order on the door, but received breakfast in minutes served by three attendants. throughout, the staff seemed to always know our family name and acted eager to help in any way. i must say that in three decades of travelling throughout europe, we have never had better service or nicer accomodations. le bristol made what could have been an unpleasant delay in getting home an extra treat.
i do travel once a year to le bristol - a good mix of contemporary style and design with some traditional furniture and parisian touch; very elegant! pure luxury and you really stop the time in the garden where you can enjoy comfort and quietness. the new brasserie is really good and casual and the service is always impressive...well done; stunning spa and pool on the last floow with small terrace for the summer.
outstanding service and understated luxury throughout -- difficult to match or better anywhere.
we have choosen the bristol to celebrate our wedding diner end of june.in a private lounge along the so charming garden, it was amazing and magic.perfect food and such an attentive service.everything was absolutly delightful for the most important day of our life. thank to the bristol our dreams became true
"i think the bristol is the best luxury hotel in paris for families. there are bunny shaped biscuits and cuddly toys to greet the kids. a special pack of shampoos and soaps and an excellent room service children's menu. rooms are spacious and some have terraces. there is also a pool on the roof with a beautiful view across to sacre coeur.we ate in the restaurant 114 faubourg with three of the kids. our twins aged 12 and 17 year old daughter. the food was excellent. both my daughter and i are vegetarians and this did not mean we got second best. it is the service that charms at the bristol however and makes it a lovely place to stay. relaxed and welcoming, it's rather like being at a super posh grannie's for the weekend. as my seventeen year old daughter said, ""it's a luxury hotel where i feel relaxed and don't feel that people are watching my everymove.""the kids ordered the sun and a coke for breakfast and it was duly delivered. a sign of the perfect service."
the managment and staff of the le bristol went above and beyond to make our stay truly wonderful.  with a one year old daughter, they made extraordinary accomodations for our confort.
a well run hotel, true focus on service and their in- house restaurants are excellent. breakfast was truly delicious! not cheap but then you get what you pay for. my wife liked the location for shopping!
great sleeps, beautiful convenient bathroom and friendly efficient service.  breakfast in the garden -or looking into the garden was peaceful and elegant.  concierge recommendations outstanding.
i had to go to appointments and meetings during my stay. on one morning, a taxi i reserved a night before did not show up. i was about to be late for a meeting but the bell captain arranged a hotel car to send me to the meeting which was a tremendous help.a japanese person who greeted me in the lobby was a relief as well.
it is an awesome place to stay at and i truly enjoyed it. i will definitely come back. the room was spacious with elegant interiorsthe location is more than perfectthe service quality was great and i enjoyed every bit of my trip. i would most certainly tell all my friends to visit. thank you
"my momther and i had the most remarkable stay at le bristol - the staff, location, amenities and ""extras"" were nothing short of perfection. truly a ""home away from home"" with the most attentive, knowledgable staff - from the receptionist, to concierge, to spa staff.  i've been fortunate to have visited 5-star hotels around the world, and le bristol was, by far, one of the most unique experiences! our room was stunning - views of the eiffel tower & le grand palais, 5-star linens, ample closet space. stunning indoor pool with city views.  again, a ""perfect 10"" experience!"
le bristol is my favorite hotel in paris.  the staff is extraordinary - friendly and helpful.  the hotel's location is perfect for experiencing all that is so special about paris and for beautiful walks to the louvre, les tuileries, the champs- elysees, le grand palais, la seine and even the eiffel tower.
beds/bedding should be enhanced (sheets, pillows etc.) to make it more enticing.
we have been picked up by le bristol very good english speakingdriver at the gare de lyon, arrival at the hotel was without any problems. checking in very well done.we were taken to our fantastic room by the room manager, she showed us all the hotel facilities. next morning was breakfast outdoor in the inside garden.....fantastic service..we will certainly go there again no doubt.
i was in paris for a writing project and happened to be able to combine it with the new year's celebration.  my friend is an executive with a luxury hotel company and arranged for us to stay at the bristol.  i knew of the hotel restaurant and tea room but had never stayed as a guest.it was without a doubt the best hotel experience of my life.  the atmosphere is refined and elegant, but the personnel are warm and friendly, always ready to be of help.  the concierge staff were amazing, providing wonderful advice and directions; the spa was particularly relaxing and special; the process of check-out/in was smooth and very pleasant.  our room was delightful and i believe we must have had the largest bathroom in paris, with both tub and shower accommodations.there are many 5 star hotels in paris, but the bristol is truly a home away from home for discerning guests.
my wife and i just completed a three-week mini “grand tour” of europe including munich, the salzburg music festival, vienna, budapest and paris.without a doubt, our stay at le bristol was the high point and over the top. having stayed there years ago, the recent renovations were, as expected, in superb taste and without equal.  however, it’s the outstanding staff at every level and attention to detail that make le bristol #1. this is also in great part due to the guiding hand and thoughtful stewardship of didier le calvez, the hotelier extraordinaire. this attention to detail and didier’s thumbprint is everywhere from the exquisite furnishings to the impeccable, magnificent, and unexpectedly beautiful garden in which you can dine or just relax with a drink, and then on to the two superb restaurants, the pool and in each individual room and suite!it’s important to know that didier’s done this before, as he masterminded the spectacular reopening of the four seasons georve v in the last decade, and now he’s done it again with even more not only do you instantly feel at home, you feel as if you are in a highly refined but not stuffy private club – always in good taste.the only problem with staying at le bristol is that it’s hard to leave and you never stop wanting to come back!p.s. le bristol hotel also has a very special new guest, the pharaoh – a small charming kitten!
exceptional service, particularly room service which is of very high qualitya magnificent placei recommend the flans and cakes which are below
i have been staying at this hotel for 8 years on average twice a year. i am always amazed by its discreet elegance and refinement, the attention to detail, the little touches at any time and in any place of the hotel.
want to stay quietly in style in the heart of paris? don't hesitate but book this hotel, an oasis of peace, attractive and chic. service here is still old-fashioned, elevated to the highest standard. enjoy it, every time!
so there, i was transported... a magnificent, magical place, with extremely kind staff and service provided to perfection.the breakfast was divine, the products were of very high quality, well done for the bread, and the setting was splendid. i also loved the dishes.i had a timeless moment, it was a great experience.i thank you for bringing this place to life with this french excellence.
"when your stay begins with ""hello madame m...."" even though you have not yet opened your mouth to give your name.......definitely we are entering into true luxury, refined and of very great elegance.everything else during this too short stay remained flawless and in the same tone.to be redone as soon as possible."
we stayed at the bristol with my partner and the experience was out of the ordinary. the staff are attentive and the hotel is extraordinary without being pretentious or “pompous”.thank you for this beautiful moment!
here everything is calm, luxury and pleasure... the attention paid to each customer is exemplary.the bristol is a little more than a hotel, it's like a refuge. the feeling of having come home, with family. all the staff make you feel at home. we are immediately comfortable there because without the heaviness and arrogance of certain palaces.the sense of hospitality is real, simple, true.thank you to the entire bristol team and to socrates who gave me the honor of crossing my path...
what can we say about this always perfect place, always a pleasure to come and have lunch in this perfect setting where the kindness of the staff is matched only by the quality of the dishes.probably the most beautiful terrace in paris.thank you for the kindness, attention and sharing
my stay at the le bristol palace in paris was simply extraordinary. upon my arrival, i was greeted with an early check-in which immediately created an atmosphere of well-being and rest after a long journey. the rooms were elegantly decorated and incredibly comfortable, offering magnificent views of the city of lights.thanks to dimitris who was able to resolve the challenges related to tv and wifi services which were unavailable for a short while.dinner at restaurant 114 was simply fantastic both in terms of the service and the food and wine pairings suggested by their friendly sommelier.don’t hesitate to treat your senses to a vacation!
for us, one of the two best hotels in the world: the quality of service is unmatched, the training of all the staff is exceptional, the room is perfect. just one question: how do they do it?from the maids (friendly and meticulous) to the managers, everyone competes in friendliness. what a pleasure, we would settle there forever
we had the chance to take advantage of most of the spaces offered by the hotel (restaurants, spa, gym, swimming pool, solarium, garden) and we were delighted. the setting is superb, in a classic and bright style. the hotel staff always managed to exceed our expectations which were obviously high.
a big thank you le bristol paris,my daughter will remember the exceptional moment she experienced at your establishment for her birthday.from our arrival to our departure we only met people within the team with great professionalism and great kindness.the massage at the spa is wonderful.i will come back with great pleasure.
very well received, pleasant stay, attentive staff. the perfect grocery store meal will keep us with very good memories of our stay in paris. well done to all the staff, it was as we hoped. to do again.
wears its status as a parisian palace well. very caring staff. first stay and we will definitely return. the jardin français restaurant is to be recommended, as is the epicure. no downside, perfection.
the bristol paris is a hotel that deserves 6 stars. an extraordinary service and a professionalism that is almost no longer found, even in luxury hotels.a big thank you to the whole team. we will come back with pleasure.
perfection all the way; when you want to treat yourself to paradise, go for it.beautiful setting; perfect service; adorable and efficient staff, with special mention for the valet/concierge staff.very nice and large room. excellent breakfasts.
